0	there are wonderful moments of humor , and demonstrations of humanity , strength , and the resilience of the human spirit .
0	an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
0	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
0	astonishingly skillful and moving . . . it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
0	an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
0	a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
0	this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better .
0	skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt .
0	yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
0	there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies .
0	what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn .
0	mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
0	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
0	while sunshine state lacks the searing urgency of city of hope or the gentle dénouement of lone star , fans of the auteur should enjoy this classic john sayles feature .
0	when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
0	the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
0	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
0	perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
0	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
0	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next .
0	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
0	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
0	evelyn may be a weightless picture , but it's hardly torture to sit through .
0	abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
0	i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
0	whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
0	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
0	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video .
0	bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad .
0	de oliveira seems not only to have read john berger's famous essay on looking , but also to have taken it as his personal instruction manual for filmmaking .
0	bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle of a movie that is easy to savour because it is so undemanding yet so rewarding .
0	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
0	this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
0	much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .
0	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
0	insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more .
0	little incidents pile up , and eventually what was strange becomes terrifying .
0	it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
0	a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace .
0	the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
0	it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation .
0	with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
0	smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
0	it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
0	a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
0	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
0	it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
0	a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
0	why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
0	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
0	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
0	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
0	hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
0	the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
0	its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
0	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
0	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination .
0	a film for all who care about the world their children and grandchildren will inherit .
0	despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
0	downright transparent is the script's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a " cooler " pg-13 rating .
0	. it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .
0	'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
0	may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
0	a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
0	confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
0	. . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
0	recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
0	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review .
0	only a supremely flexible talent like kinnear could whittle away at crane's nuances and come up with thespian gold .
0	the movie's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
0	completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
0	an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
0	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
0	portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
0	it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
0	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
0	the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
0	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
0	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
0	a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
0	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
0	on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
0	the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
0	spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
0	a delightful fable about the enduring value of literature .
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film .
0	. . . routine , harmless diversion and little else .
0	while it doesn't expose any new truths about the problems posed by reaching middle age , it reflects wisely on the truths that already exist .
0	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
0	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
0	even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat .
0	it's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
0	from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir .
0	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
0	jones has crafted a natty narrative that , enhanced by erin nordstrom's editing , is filled with payoffs .
0	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
0	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
0	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
0	ozpetek succeeds in portraying small nuances that demonstrate the stages of love -- unrequited or blossoming -- and in showcasing the family structure created by a group of people who have been rejected for one reason or another .
0	sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it .
0	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
0	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere .
0	. it's a brilliant revision of the book and it offers a motivation for the invention that's lacking in the first film version .
0	it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
0	skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
0	unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
0	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources , bad mixture
0	a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
0	if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now .
0	beautifully filmed and well acted . . . but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
0	it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
0	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
0	best to just pick up a blade of grass and chew on it while absorbing the scenic imagery and natural acting of a strong cast .
0	color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking .
0	intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story's least interesting subject .
0	despite its faults , this is a fascinating look at a subculture .
0	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
0	the pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting .
0	originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
0	" the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble .
0	one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
0	i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
0	sunshine state is a fine example of a carefully written film . but you shouldn't be too aware that a movie is well-written .
0	the heart of the film is the drop dead sexy drea de matteo who , as the mother and real head of the family , commands every scene .
0	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
0	even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness .
0	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
0	bernal . . . gives an ambiguous performance ; he's a lightweight actor , but that's a positive quality when portraying a man on whom nothing leaves a permanent mark .
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions .
0	. . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
0	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
0	ararat is among the director's best work , a rendering of the past that offers hope for the future .
0	hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
0	if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
0	the acting is uniformly excellent , with kyra sedgwick and fairuza balk in particular deserving to be singled out for praise .
0	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
0	it is really quite ironic then that the one guy putting out consistently good comedy is hollywood's most serious actor .
0	daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
0	this is a heartfelt mea culpa -- which gives paid in full much of its unexpected emotional power .
0	stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
0	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
0	its heart is in the right place and the lack of cynicism comes as a pleasant surprise .
0	set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york .
0	writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
0	the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
0	sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who doesn't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
0	speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer .
0	a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . .
0	if you're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
0	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
0	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
0	if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon didn't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .
0	unfortunately , it's also not very good . especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
0	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
0	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
0	cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
0	a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .
0	despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
0	often self-consciously surreal , this award-winner scores high for originality .
0	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
0	pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
0	. . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic .
0	lejos del paraíso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y oídos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios .
0	a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .
0	the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?
0	not a bad way to spend a couple of hours .
0	in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
0	this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
0	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
0	this daring film challenges most widely held notions about religious conviction while providing a complex portrait of an identity crisis that's run amok and a good mind that's jumped the tracks .
0	a superb southern gothic slice of horror that is easily the sickest movie to arrive in theaters in a very long time . and i mean that in the nicest way possible .
0	exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
0	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
0	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
0	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
0	an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
0	casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen .
0	the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat .
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
0	a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
0	at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
0	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
0	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies .
0	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
0	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
0	it's like a rap rashomon . there's a million different stories here .
0	a little judicious editing would have helped a lot , but the talented cast matches the film's ambitions and compensates for its modest budget .
0	it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
0	well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
0	underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
0	a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
0	it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
0	they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
0	they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
0	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
0	for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
0	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
0	it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
0	skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
0	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
0	it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
0	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
0	despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
0	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle .
0	despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
0	so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
0	for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
0	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
0	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
0	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight .
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
0	thank goodness writer-director michael kalesniko found someone as verbally nimble as kenneth branagh to keep the whole enterprise afloat . he manages , but just barely .
0	we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
0	this film is difficult to watch for the inhumanity it depicts , but important to see for its factual elements and the reminder of both the difficulty and importance of maintaining one's humanity .
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum .
0	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
0	a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl .
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
0	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
0	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .
0	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
0	. . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
0	the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
0	suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star .
0	the film's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .
0	[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it .
0	if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained .
0	confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
0	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
0	despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
0	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite .
0	gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .
0	one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
0	steeped in lore and unabashedly surreal , the film is just charming enough for children and just bizarre enough for adults -- a perfect balance .
0	muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
0	a succinct , intelligent and scintillating slice of cultural history .
0	stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
0	will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
0	a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
0	one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
0	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
0	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
0	an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
0	it's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best 'old neighborhood' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
0	a crackerjack genre piece ; what panic room aims for it accomplishes with deadly precision and edge-of-your-seat mastery .
0	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
0	for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
0	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
0	all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
0	the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke .
0	this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
0	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work .
0	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .
0	at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
0	despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
0	an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
0	plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
0	proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism . . . and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday's weather report .
0	the stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
0	i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
0	a hilarious film for anyone who remembers lying as a kid -- and anyone who wants to see a movie that's just plain fun .
0	deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
0	this is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect .
0	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
0	in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
0	in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
0	nice balance between real emotions and cute movie moments with a hilarious love scene .
0	a stunning and informative nonfiction drama that looks at the arab-israel conflict from the mouths of babes .
0	it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
0	in a season of strenuously ambitious art , the laid-back modesty and accessible charm of evelyn is a welcome relief .
0	scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
0	the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
0	a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
0	flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
0	a continually fascinating exploration of the physical and psychological pain and pleasure of a bizarre relationship .
0	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
0	the title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
0	was it too much to ask to have one tank blow up one dragon ? what the hell ? !
0	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
0	one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called 'comedy' and not laugh once .
0	it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
0	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
0	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
0	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
0	the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
0	the three leads produce adequate performances , but what's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
0	all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
0	it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
0	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
0	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
0	me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
0	that a high-profile movie with big-name actors could inspire such philosophical reflection is impressive .
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
0	disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
0	so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
0	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
0	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
0	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod .
0	despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
0	good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
0	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen .
0	the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
0	nothing short of a respectful testament to the ingenious creative drive of the outsider .
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
0	the movie doesn't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
0	the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
0	one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but . . . also one of the most curiously depressing .
0	what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary .
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
0	if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force .
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
0	though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
0	the chateau . . . is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
0	a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
0	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
0	the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
0	cassavetes thinks he's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
0	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
0	tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .
0	were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
0	has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
0	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
0	. . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
0	in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
0	a gripping documentary about james nachtwey , a new yorker who's a longtime and much-honored chronicler of the world's misery .
0	this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
0	although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
0	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering .
0	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .
0	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
0	girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
0	the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .
0	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
0	hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff .
0	this has to be one of the most bizarre love stories ever to be filmed , not since nine ½ weeks has anybody done this much pampering for his 'girlfriend' .
0	how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it .
0	the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .
0	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
0	some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
0	the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
0	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
0	terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
0	if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
0	a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
0	ain't no mountain high enough to keep the funk brothers from getting to you .
0	normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
0	this indie drama resonantly demonstrates how a person's worth is weighed in a town where you're only as good as your last game .
0	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
0	an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
0	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
0	a profoundly moving document . . . the filmmakers' refusal to downplay the situation's intractability makes the glimmer of hope the film offers that much more powerful .
0	enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
0	such a good-looking picture deserved to have more depth and unpredictability in its story . but it does stand out as a personal and unique entry in a time-worn genre , and that may be good enough .
0	the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
0	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next .
0	most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
0	griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
0	anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
0	dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation . it haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . ah yes , and then there's the music . . .
0	viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
0	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
0	the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
0	essentially , this is abel fererra's it's a wonderful life .
0	the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
0	the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history : war , revolution , communism , etc .
0	somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
0	. . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . .
0	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
0	philip k . dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
0	the milieu is wholly unconvincing . . . and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
0	the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
0	despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
0	'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
0	. . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
0	" i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
0	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
0	the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off .
0	it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring .
0	an entertaining , surprisingly well-written and often rowdily amusing picture .
0	a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic .
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
0	this slight slice of l . a . life is distinguished by two fine , subtle performances .
0	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
0	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
0	it takes us finally to the comedy clubs that for so many years we saw only at the beginning and end of seinfeld .
0	the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .
0	if an oscar category existed for ensemble acting , the hours would unquestionably earn it . watching a trio of actors at the top of their game is a delight .
0	provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
0	exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo's real strength .
0	the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
0	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
0	a psychological thriller that doesn't really hold up if you think about it too much , but is nonetheless highly entertaining in a low-budget , david lynch-ian way .
0	the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
0	somewhat blurred , but kinnear's performance is razor sharp .
0	anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
0	a serious movie with serious ideas . but seriously , folks , it doesn't work .
0	it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest -– audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
0	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through .
0	" austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
0	the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
0	absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
0	as a study of how the current corporate idiocy impacts one man's art , it's priceless .
0	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
0	cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
0	hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues .
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
0	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
0	the weird thing about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
0	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
0	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
0	sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
0	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .
0	happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
0	the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition .
0	scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
0	not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
0	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career .
0	works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
0	the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental .
0	an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
0	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
0	as an exercise in stripped-down filmmaking , interview is grimly effective .
0	if . . . you're the adventurous sort , check it out .
0	tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
0	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens .
0	the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
0	solid . isn't as groundbreaking as shiri , but has its moments .
0	if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
0	it's a pleasurable revelation to see foster feel out a role , both emotively and physically , with the well-marshaled gusto that she does here .
0	monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
0	can't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
0	with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better .
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
0	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
0	a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
0	it's a beautiful experience , nearly perfect with a fragile flowing fluid score .
0	as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
0	there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
0	the title's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
0	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
0	that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy .
0	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
0	[a] smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
0	. . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
0	content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
0	muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
0	perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy .
0	it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia .
0	the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
0	though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
0	e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
0	unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller .
0	in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995's forget paris . but even then , i'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
0	told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
0	4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
0	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
0	the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years .
0	the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
0	not only does this musical documentary showcase a band that's at the top of its form . . . it also serves as indictment of the ridiculously shallow , pre-fab music industry in general .
0	son of the bride is slight fare , but it does have it poignancies , and it is well-acted and sweet without being cloying .
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
0	offers a pleasant , challenging and quirky puzzle well worth working out .
0	the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
0	the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
0	it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
0	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
0	an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
0	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
0	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
0	this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
0	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
0	outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect .
0	for anyone who cares about the future of america , it's required viewing .
0	peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
0	the film is almost eerily calm and refuses to take sides . but that lets its insights penetrate all the deeper .
0	nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
0	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
0	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
0	it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track .
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ?
0	a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
0	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
0	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost .
0	planet is as much sheer fun as its source material .
0	unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
0	hitch would enjoy the way chabrol plays with the audience ( including the expertly interwoven lizt requiem )
0	opens as promising as any war/adventure film you'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled " glory : a soldier's story . "
0	eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . .
0	[næs] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
0	if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i'll take the latter every time .
0	star trek : nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before . wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .
0	the funk brothers seem to have hardly missed a beat .
0	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
0	the marquis de sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
0	a vivid reminder of the true nature of chemistry between lovers , and the rarity with which we see it on the screen .
0	this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
0	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
0	imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
0	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
0	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
0	everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
0	a wonderful , low-key coming-of-age saga with none of that after-school special hysteria .
0	[diaz] can blunder into the crudest situations with such sweet innocence as to inspire giggles rather than groans .
0	isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that .
0	[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
0	the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
0	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
0	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
0	it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
0	julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent .
0	the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems .
0	ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
0	even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
0	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
0	it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture .
0	. . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
0	me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary .
0	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
0	i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
0	without blowing the jokes we can say that , if you have found that your sense of humor fit well with christopher guest's screen outings , you'll find yourself in the flow with shearer as well .
0	what makes this latest version of the four feathers the best so far are the beautiful desert locations ( in morocco ) , and the superb action sequences .
0	even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
0	by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
0	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
0	several of steven soderbergh's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
0	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
0	it's not life-affirming — its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
0	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
0	provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
0	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer .
0	the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
0	except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartleby's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
0	sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
0	tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
0	though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
0	the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain .
0	r xmas offers a poetic and profane ambiguity that's vintage ferrara .
0	bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
0	a working class " us vs . them " opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
0	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
0	a sweet film about two gentle souls - there is a genuine caring between them that feels like watching old friends .
0	with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
0	when a movie is as down-and-out funny as austin powers in goldmember , it's easy to overlook the missed opportunities and fizzled jokes littering the barrage of hilarity .
0	two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
0	if you keep a list of films you want to see one way or another , you would be doing yourself a service by keeping this film high up on that list .
0	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work .
0	it's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this " two weddings and a funeral " fun .
0	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
0	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more .
0	a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
0	this is darkest drama reminiscent of antonin artaud's literary experiments in psychoanalysis .
0	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional .
0	a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
0	combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
0	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
0	a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
0	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
0	' . . . young , savvy cinematic sensibility framed by the limitations of a conservative , unrelenting culture . '
0	one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece .
0	i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's .
0	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
0	it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
0	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
0	it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense .
0	woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
0	it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
0	it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
0	a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
0	cinephiles will appreciate the fine camerawork and overall mise-en-scene , but people just heading out for a popcorn pleaser will likely be disappointed .
0	apesar de não superar o original , o chamado é um suspense bem realizado que , à sua própria maneira , funciona de maneira exemplar .
0	coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
0	the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
0	so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney won't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
0	an excellent date movie , because you and your date will likely be clinging on to each other within 10 minutes .
0	sure , there are flaws , but the moments that do things properly see the screen burst with confidence , rhythm , heat and pizzazz .
0	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
0	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck .
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
0	. . . has a bit more going for it than just bikini babes and bitchin' waves . but the plot is ankle deep at best .
0	rarely has a film's title served such dire warning .
0	too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization .
0	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
0	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
0	an unusual and compelling chinese film about the loving interventions of a father and mother whose oldest son is a drug addict .
0	the sequel drops the adult aspects of the story in favor of talking reindeer and a life-size , plastic santa replacement ( also played by allen ) that is strongly reminiscent of that creepy family from the duracell commercials .
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick .
0	broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
0	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood .
0	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
0	the new version isn't just endless . it heightens the deeply conservative spirit of giuseppe tornatore's fable in a surprising new way .
0	some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
0	the real draw , though , is the performance by dunst that is , alone , worth the price of admission .
0	a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
0	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
0	a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
0	it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
0	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
0	director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
0	even people clueless about skateboarding can enjoy dogtown and z-boys .
0	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
0	. . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age .
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
0	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
0	the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
0	writer/director burr steers knows how to show irony , the trouble with kids , and new yorkers taking casual sex for granted .
0	to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .
0	an engaging documentary about people who live in unusual homes .
0	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
0	has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
0	has the kitsch appeal of a farm implement on a restaurant wall , or an andy warhol mao poster : interesting , but not for its original purpose .
0	the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
0	i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles .
0	" the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan .
0	. . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
0	doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
0	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
0	the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
0	this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
0	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
0	the tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
0	though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected .
0	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
0	shot perhaps 'artistically' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin baca-asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece .
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
0	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
0	for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational noodling .
0	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids .
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
0	jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
0	a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
0	aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
0	( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
0	this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
0	this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .
0	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
0	the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
0	as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust .
0	as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games .
0	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
0	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
0	should be seen and absorbed , if only to recall that hollywood horror does , occasionally , get it more or less right .
0	on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation .
0	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
0	raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here .
0	evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
0	when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
0	like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
0	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
0	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
0	at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
0	. . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
0	as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
0	how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [françois and michèle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
0	opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist's death bed and doesn't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
0	i didn't laugh . i didn't smile . i survived .
0	the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
0	overall very good for what it's trying to do .
0	the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
0	well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
0	serry perfectly captures the peculiar climate , creating uncanny echoes with today's situation .
0	the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
0	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
0	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
0	[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
0	cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
0	a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
0	while there are times when the film's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it doesn't .
0	most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
0	essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . .
0	embarrassed myself about laughing out loud multiple times , i found myself enjoying the movie much more than i ever enjoyed the tv show . . . and these pseudo-homo-erotic stunts .
0	feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
0	director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .
0	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
0	an exhaustive investigation into the roots and after-effects of the revolutions and counter-revolutions that rocked france , the u . s . , china , latin america and czechoslovakia in 1967 and 1968 .
0	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
0	one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
0	it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy .
0	the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth .
0	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
0	in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
0	good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
0	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
0	the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
0	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
0	australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
0	kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
0	this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
0	the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second .
0	not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see .
0	the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
0	the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
0	neighbor's dog operates at a consistent chuckle pitch that frequently gives way to guffaws .
0	epic battles , spectacular effects and multiple story lines make the two towers a most excellent middle chapter in the lord of the rings film trilogy .
0	when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark .
0	. . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . .
0	what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
0	the real reason to see runteldat is to watch lawrence deploy his deep and wide powers of empathy to depict such diverse experiences as childbirth , breast-feeding and recovering from illness .
0	in its own remarkable and unshowy way , this movie is truly about how sept . 11 seemed to equalize and unite new yorkers across imaginary barriers of class and lifestyle .
0	this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
0	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek .
0	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
0	obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script .
0	'christian bale's quinn [is] a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
0	schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . .
0	at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
0	[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
0	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure .
0	birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland .
0	this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one .
0	i can't imagine adaptation having much mainstream appeal , but , for those who look for something genuinely off-the-wall in a motion picture , this will unquestionably strike a nerve .
0	salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
0	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both .
0	billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
0	bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
0	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life .
0	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression .
0	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
0	for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre .
0	" 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
0	makes the sweet case that sincerity strikes the biggest romantic sparks .
0	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
0	all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
0	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
0	. . . pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards--with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
0	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
0	the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
0	a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
0	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
0	perhaps it's cliche to call the film 'refreshing , ' but it is . 'drumline' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
0	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release .
0	a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
0	4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink - it's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
0	it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .
0	. . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
0	it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum .
0	watching possession is a movie experience not much deeper than you'd get on your couch watching masterpiece theater or mystery ! -- pleasant enough , but oh so soft .
0	so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed .
0	feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
0	atanarjuat , unfolding on a cold-blasted primeval arctic plain , has the quality of totem .
0	a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
0	the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr .
0	although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
0	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
0	the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
0	director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor .
0	you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
0	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
0	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
0	. . . [a] strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
0	it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
0	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
0	adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
0	russian ark moves beyond a simple technical exercise and into the realm of greatness . it's a masterpiece on every level .
0	there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarman's whimsical comedy very annie-mary but not enough to sustain the film .
0	all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that .
0	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
0	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes sex & death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times .
0	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
0	this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
0	it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
0	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
0	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
0	femme fatale is not the director's best work ever , but it is as good as we've seen him be in much too long a time .
0	alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
0	merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
0	it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
0	what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate .
0	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one .
0	nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
0	the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
0	as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
0	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes .
0	the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
0	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
0	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
0	it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .
0	sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
0	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
0	it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
0	hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
0	it downplays the initial assault , referring to it only in fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about rape and its victims , particularly in japan .
0	director roger michell mounts this thriller as an action-packed , sometimes tongue-in-cheek celebrity death match .
0	interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
0	" red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
0	the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
0	sandler , in trusting his director , gives a performance that declares the star a genuinely fine actor .
0	an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
0	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell .
0	the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
0	beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
0	may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours .
0	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .
0	dozens of moments catch you up and take your breath away .
0	well made but uninvolving , bloodwork isn't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
0	it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
0	a film worthy of comparison to truffaut's best cinematic poems .
0	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
0	there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
0	hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
0	ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
0	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
0	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
0	a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
0	miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
0	presents a most persuasive vision of hell on earth .
0	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
0	vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
0	a movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it's-funny level .
0	it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
0	too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries .
0	this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
0	a suspense thriller with a brain and a heart .
0	it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
0	i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
0	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
0	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
0	effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
0	birot has succeeded in making a movie that has some laughs , low points and high ideals .
0	its valuable message makes it a must-see for children and teenagers , and even more so for those callous adults who have become casually corrupt in their efforts to simply get through life .
0	anderson has created the kind of unconventional 'romantic comedy' we might expect from him .
0	impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
0	scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped .
0	egoyan boldly inspires viewers to deal with issues of cultural memory and responsibility , especially in moments of confusion when family issues intersect with monumental historical facts .
0	ranks among the best films ever made about the acting profession .
0	the entertaining new film version of robert ludlum's 1980 spy thriller , the bourne identity , adds a crisp , tangy autumnal feel to the hot dog days of summer moviegoing .
0	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family .
0	defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats .
0	feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
0	it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
0	handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
0	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
0	the adventure doesn't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
0	the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
0	a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
0	the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
0	the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
0	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
0	a skillfully made example of your typical schwarzenegger action film .
0	it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
0	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
0	lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
0	writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
0	this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
0	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
0	cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
0	despite bearing the paramount imprint , it's a bargain-basement european pickup . what's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
0	improves when it takes a more serious tone and zaza and judith develop into deeper characterizations .
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look .
0	one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
0	" the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored .
0	it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
0	rock's stand-up magic wanes . hopkins , squarely fills the screen . action - mechanical .
0	watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
0	as a film director , labute continues to improve .
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective .
0	austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
0	that we are not the target and still got ninety percent of it is a compliment to director charles stone iii and screenwriters matthew cirulnick and thulani davis who whipped the original story into coherent shape .
0	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
0	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
0	an affectionately goofy satire that's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary . . .
0	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
0	manages in two minutes what malcolm lee's cousin spike's bamboozled couldn't in over two hours .
0	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
0	a diverting detour into the gonzo outlook of a humorist who actually has something on his mind .
0	scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
0	the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
0	[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .
0	woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
0	'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia fílmica imposible de olvidar'
0	( un cineasta ) para no entender del todo y para seguir esperando .
0	any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
0	'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
0	macbeth . mcdonald's . how far apart these poles of popular culture seemed until billy morrissette's sly mcshakespeare crime comedy .
0	takes us on a journey toward self-awareness that is both deadpan hilarious and profoundly moving .
0	its portrait of a very unsung sector of society is refreshingly honest and entertaining .
0	the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
0	extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it .
0	. . . the plot weaves us into a complex web .
0	there's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that's what makes it irresistible .
0	the story of trouble every day . . . is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
0	sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ain't- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
0	if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . .
0	despite the inexperience of the director and his cast , there's rarely a false moment .
0	is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ?
0	a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
0	an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
0	a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
0	an unpleasant though sometimes effective psychological thriller that is noteworthy for being the film in which actress sandra bullock has gotten her act back together .
0	i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back .
0	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
0	no , the dangerous lives of altar boys does not exist in a state of perfect grace . however , its sins are forgivably venial , because its virtues are palpably human .
0	if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
0	trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens .
0	the film's apocalyptic urban setting and unrelentingly icy zeitgeist is message enough without a triumphant parting shot
0	the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
0	the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . a rumor of angels doesn't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
0	shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that's something i would rather live in denial about
0	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
0	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety .
0	may not have generated many sparks , but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
0	plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur .
0	screenwriter maureen tilyou , director martin duffy and an extremely competent cast handle the controversial aspects of the topic in an even-handed manner .
0	what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ?
0	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash .
0	an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
0	ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .
0	the filmmaker's heart is in the right place . . .
0	fred schepisi's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
0	scenes in which the band grooves with modern musicians montell jordan and joan osborne singing covers are spectacular .
0	rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
0	if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
0	the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
0	[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
0	even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure .
0	the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly… alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown .
0	interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
0	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
0	the most impressive quality of this charming movie is the way the characters , who are all recognizable 'types , ' refuse to behave the way we expect .
0	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
0	without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie .
0	fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .
0	a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
0	it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
0	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
0	if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché .
0	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
0	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
0	a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
0	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
0	unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
0	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
0	relieved of the action-stalling expository responsibility that dogs so many movies based on superhero comics , blade 2 goes straight for the jugular .
0	enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid .
0	the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose .
0	[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .
0	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
0	final report : good , yes ; great , no .
0	about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
0	go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
0	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .
0	toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away .
0	it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens
0	the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
0	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
0	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
0	it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
0	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
0	it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
0	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core .
0	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
0	swimming isn't a major film . nor does it try to be . but what , in the end , is a major film ? if it's one that accomplishes what it sets out to do , then we ought to correct ourselves .
0	desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro .
0	a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
0	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
0	best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
0	depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
0	i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind .
0	ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , 'what's the point ? '
0	the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
0	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
0	this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
0	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
0	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
0	there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film oscar : make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
0	see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died .
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
0	if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
0	too bad kramer couldn't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
0	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
0	too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film .
0	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
0	celebrates family in a way that's deeply felt by the director and screenwriter/subject and no doubt will be shared by viewers of any ethnicity .
0	as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
0	you've seen it before : the ex-con who stumbles while striving to assimilate back into society . but writer-director joe maggio and his able cast makes you care about this man's sorry journey in virgil bliss .
0	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
0	for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
0	k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
0	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem .
0	holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each .
0	this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
0	a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
0	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
0	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
0	evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
0	more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
0	too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
0	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
0	as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
0	a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
0	a story full of surprises , defined by the use of interesting camera utilization and visual motifs .
0	heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension .
0	gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
0	sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films .
0	trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
0	" analyze that " is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
0	the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
0	. . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time .
0	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun .
0	in their love for each other and their ability to move on , the women are , in a way , lovely and amazing .
0	as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
0	being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
0	there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
0	the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
0	vega and ulloa give strong performances as the leading lovers and there are some strong supporting turns , particularly from najwa nimri .
0	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' .
0	it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
0	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
0	it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
0	you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
0	the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
0	nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
0	the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
0	the plot has a number of holes , and at times it's simply baffling .
0	everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
0	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
0	a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
0	for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
0	ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna .
0	though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
0	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale .
0	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
0	offers a gentle summer fantasy for both grown-ups and little ones .
0	about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful .
0	so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
0	you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
0	there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
0	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
0	flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
0	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
0	the tonal shifts are jolting , and though wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
0	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
0	its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
0	seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
0	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful .
0	this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
0	bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
0	where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
0	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
0	against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
0	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
0	cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
0	even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
0	undisputed is undeniable fun , thanks to its rugged rock pile of attitude , bravado and fisticuffs .
0	nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years .
0	the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard .
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
0	broomfield seems to uncover a massive scoop here , revealing the multitude of people involved and the possible motivations behind the killings of his titular subjects .
0	nelson's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . it's horribly depressing and not very well done .
0	a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
0	the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
0	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
0	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
0	it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
0	a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
0	why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
0	the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .
0	by the time its otherwise paint-by-numbers story reaches a finale , drumline has made band seem cool -- no small feat in the wake of american pie 2 .
0	this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
0	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
0	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . .
0	it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
0	a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania .
0	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
0	it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
0	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
0	no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
0	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
0	this is pretty dicey material . but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
0	the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
0	an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow .
0	. . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
0	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
0	leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
0	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
0	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .
0	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
0	the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
0	the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
0	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style .
0	cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff .
0	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
0	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft cast .
0	schefberg has the courage to make the story messily un-formulaic .
0	not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
0	windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
0	the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
0	the imax version of disney's the lion king looks pretty good and sounds even better .
0	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white .
0	a compelling and thought-provoking drama on the armenian genocide after world war i and its toxic impact on the spirits and lives of some contemporary canadians .
0	the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
0	the moral is not too original , but the offbeat characters certainly are .
0	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amélie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest .
0	this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
0	the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
0	an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
0	quietly pulls you into its sun drenched style of american gothic in the heartland
0	add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director .
0	you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt .
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material .
0	the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
0	strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
0	it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
0	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0	methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
0	the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel .
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
0	a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
0	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
0	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
0	american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
0	the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales .
0	french director helene angel's dark but deftly handled fable about familial violence has a terrifying , fairy-tale atmosphere that's in perfect keeping with its unique point of view .
0	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * .
0	despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
0	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
0	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
0	. . . the movie is just a plain old monster .
0	de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .
0	writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
0	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe .
0	cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
0	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
0	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
0	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
0	mike leigh mainstay timothy spall deftly shades in the designated goner , fellow still crazy alum bill nighy is sweetly wispy as the capable fop , and anger-management counselor olivia williams trembles pleasantly as usual .
0	scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
0	a canny franchise escapade ; it gets the job done .
0	trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
0	it's slow -- very , very slow . it's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie . that's pure pr hype .
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery .
0	charged with as much psychological depth as gun-slinging violence , johnny to and wai ka fai's slick thriller brought a welcome jolt of adrenaline to the moribund hong kong action genre .
0	. . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle .
0	rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
0	impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie doesn't quite fly . for starters , the story is just too slim .
0	a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
0	meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work .
0	it is a timely film and a transporting one .
0	the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in [this] meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
0	a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all .
0	if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . .
0	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
0	don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some .
0	there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
0	fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
0	ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
0	what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
0	guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
0	it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best .
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .
0	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
0	as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
0	de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
0	the last kiss , a crowd-pleaser in the deepest sense , mixes heartbreak and happiness together until you don't even want to see them apart .
0	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
0	some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .
0	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
0	prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .
0	this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
0	a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
0	beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
0	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
0	captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
0	does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
0	it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
0	like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
0	you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
0	gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
0	the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
0	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
0	a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
0	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
0	watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
0	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
0	essentially , noyce just wants to tell a good story , which he does .
0	. . . a fluffy , flaky croissant of a culture clash comedy , barely substantial enough for a feature but just light and tasty enough to satisfy .
0	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .
0	you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
0	a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
0	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
0	according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
0	a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
0	two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
0	the subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .
0	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious .
0	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
0	" maid in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches the odious prostitution theme for class commentary
0	[koshashvili] sometimes drags [the ideas] out ( the film needs tightening ) , but they're worth considering all the same .
0	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .
0	the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
0	at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
0	ritchie's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller's polemical allegory , but it's self-defeatingly decorous .
0	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
0	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
0	a hushed contemplation of the kind of senseless , all-too-frequent tragedy that leaves the survivors reeling and speechless .
0	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
0	if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster .
0	it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .
0	. . . a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
0	bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
0	on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play .
0	destined to make allen's fans around the world giggle , guffaw and shiver with delight .
0	. . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
0	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors .
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell .
0	as social exposé , skins has its heart in the right place , but that's not much to hang a soap opera on .
0	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
0	overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
0	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
0	gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
0	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
0	plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
0	like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to .
0	there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
0	wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award .
0	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
0	the funny thing is , i didn't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
0	the kind of movie that seduces you into becoming putty in its manipulative card-sharking hands and making you enjoy being taken in by its shameless contrivance .
0	a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
0	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .
0	solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
0	the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
0	a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with .
0	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting .
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . .
0	the kind of film that grows on you upon reflection
0	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
0	city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
0	all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
0	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times .
0	run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
0	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
0	a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie .
0	the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
0	whaley's performance is earnest and often riveting , but he should have taken a few lessons from his peers at amateur night .
0	the result is just enough pixie dust to get this franchise filler off the ground , provided viewers have enough faith and trust in one of the studio's most fondly remembered titles .
0	the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
0	ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
0	beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
0	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
0	there's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
0	provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
0	for those willing to risk being made very uncomfortable , this instant cult classic announces the arrival of a distinctive new talent behind the camera .
0	a chaotic panorama that's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
0	while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
0	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno .
0	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
0	like other almodóvar films , it delights in its scandals . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black comedies ever made .
0	. . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
0	a major achievement and something to get excited about .
0	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
0	it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss .
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
0	martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
0	no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
0	overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
0	lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
0	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
0	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
0	nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
0	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
0	automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
0	it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
0	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
0	the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
0	as a tearjerker this works pretty well , though long before it gets to work on your tear ducts , it starts to eat away at your nerves .
0	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
0	it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter .
0	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
0	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . but no .
0	i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
0	quite funny for the type of movie it is . . .
0	. . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
0	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
0	high crimes works to keep us involved and make us care .
0	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
0	an interesting psychological thriller that , more often than not , actually works .
0	more impressionistic than analytical , a grin without a cat is a grand immersion .
0	the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
0	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated .
0	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
0	riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide .
0	although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
0	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script .
0	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
0	never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
0	not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
0	miyazaki has provided another triumph , and , in the midst of the quality fall-off of disney's in-house animated projects , a reason for animation-lovers to rejoice .
0	this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
0	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
0	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
0	while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
0	although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
0	director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
0	the message becomes the savior for " the country bears , " an equal parts silly and sweet tale that wears its great big ol' heart on its grizzly-sized sleeve .
0	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
0	highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
0	parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion
0	it's a subtle mood piece in which a man's collapse is examined so rigorously that one almost hopes for a murder to come along and break the tension .
0	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
0	it questions whether we really live in a world that can be divided neatly into black hats and white hats . and anyway , it wonders , is the guy in the black hat always wrong ?
0	highly irritating at first , mr . koury's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
0	goes some way towards explaining how the tragedy occurred and its enduring legacy today .
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it .
0	part of the draw of dance is the impossibility to define its particular joy . tavernier's film conveys a large element of its appeal -- and more .
0	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
0	while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current .
0	a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
0	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
0	so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions .
0	[aniston is] so good , she manages to overcome the occasional nuggets of preciousness and self-consciousness in the story .
0	one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
0	despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
0	more entertaining than much of the big-studio schlock out there .
0	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
0	a lyrical if sluggish excursion set in war-torn iranian kurdistan .
0	a mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
0	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride .
0	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
0	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling .
0	i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
0	no such thing may be far from perfect , but those small , odd hartley touches help you warm to it .
0	while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
0	you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
0	even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
0	where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
0	harper and serkis are terrific , while caine carries the film with the authority of a man who has been here before .
0	there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen .
0	a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
0	with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
0	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
0	the actors don't inhabit their roles -- they're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
0	twists are so bizarre , and the story so worth documenting , that it's easy to forget this film's shortcomings .
0	behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
0	iwai creates yuichi's world as much through disembodied moments of sight and sound as through action , building to a surprising stab of melancholy .
0	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 .
0	hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it doesn't .
0	a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
0	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
0	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
0	. . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
0	what would have otherwise been a routine nostalgic coming-of-ager takes on a new , innovative form .
0	a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
0	a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
0	i'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
0	if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
0	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .
0	critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
0	the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
0	on the surface , the film is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . but the director has done his research , and fills every scene with a subversive humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock .
0	for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
0	mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
0	without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .
0	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it .
0	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
0	certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either .
0	the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear .
0	an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
0	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
0	true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
0	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh .
0	in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level .
0	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
0	uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
0	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
0	like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season .
0	renée zellweger , catherine zeta-jones , richard gere , queen latifah and even sad-faced ol' john c . reilly will have you singin' and dancin' in the aisles .
0	a garden-fresh morality tale for the kids , with monty python-inspired humor .
0	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you .
0	the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
0	feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament .
0	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
0	the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
0	it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel .
0	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
0	if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia
0	it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .
0	about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
0	a tense , capably-made film that's exciting and realistic enough to satisfy filmgoers who've had their fill of hollywood's usual ultra-unrealistic blockbuster fare .
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires .
0	a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
0	while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations
0	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
0	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion .
0	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
0	an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
0	the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . .
0	there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
0	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
0	one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
0	too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
0	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
0	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
0	an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
0	produced by 20th century fox , ice age falls short of classic status . but it's one of the best such features not to wear the disney or dreamworks banner .
0	it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
0	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men .
0	'lovely and amazing , ' unhappily , is neither . . . excessively strained and contrived .
0	suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal .
0	it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
0	food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters .
0	as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
0	a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
0	collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
0	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
0	there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
0	not really bad so much as distasteful : we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
0	the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one .
0	it may not be art , but it's vastly more entertaining than anything coppola senior has done in far too long .
0	this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
0	it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
0	like any warhol/morrissey relic , arnon goldfinger's the komediant rediscovers chapters in new york's cultural past .
0	the sound of ma's cello alone is reason not to miss naqoyqatsi .
0	this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed .
0	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
0	this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
0	takes a look at an old world , passionless arrangement in a way that is at once so biting and so brutally honest that you chuckle first , then shudder .
0	take a friend ( invisible or real ) to see this one . . . it's laugh out loud funny
0	the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
0	between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
0	. . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
0	the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
0	sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
0	. . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
0	seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
0	the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
0	a somewhat soapish but nonetheless beautifully acted excoriation of religious piousness and blind allegiance to faith as a socially constructed institution .
0	the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
0	cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
0	this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
0	in the spirit of voltaire and molière , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves .
0	a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
0	too artsy by half , heaven nonetheless casts a spell that doesn't break until you leave the theater .
0	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less .
0	you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] .
0	what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot .
0	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
0	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
0	although it tries to be much more , it's really just another major league .
0	the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .
0	combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ?
0	a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
0	. . . a visually pleasing , imaginative entertainment for the family audience .
0	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
0	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows .
0	an impressive work in many regards -- the acting , the photography , the pace -- but it would've been even more so had egoyan gone with his gut and been less indulgent of his brain .
0	as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
0	the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies .
0	a magnificent conjuring act , an eerie historical mirage evoked in a single sweeping wave of the hand by alexander sokurov .
0	davis has energy , but she doesn't bother to make her heroine's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
0	a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
0	the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high .
0	what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen .
0	technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
0	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
0	compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
0	soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
0	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving .
0	a film that deserves to be seen regardless of the misgivings .
0	as it turns out , you can go home again .
0	a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
0	the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
0	the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
0	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
0	his best film remains his shortest , the hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
0	an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
0	the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
0	a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock .
0	if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
0	by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
0	nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
0	evans is such a capable storyteller that you find yourself liking him even though he's not exactly likeable .
0	. . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
0	a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
0	both the film and nachtwey's photos hammer home the grim reality of the world's gutters and battlefields , and will make you question what 'news' really is .
0	blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
0	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
0	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
0	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
0	ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
0	the movie , so briskly alert in details , is generic in its guiding ideas .
0	human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
0	. . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might .
0	the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
0	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story .
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
0	far from a bad film , and at least two of its central trio of performances provide moments of disarming grace , but don't be surprised if a whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen .
0	a fast-moving , fluidly told tale , eugene jarecki's documentary certainly will likely inflame kissinger's ardent cronies . and yet , as one-sided as its story is , the movie also manages a measured disposition .
0	" catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
0	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
0	'sophisticated' viewers who refuse to admit that they don't like it will likely call it 'challenging' to their fellow sophisticates .
0	got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . .
0	it's like a vintage automobile that sometimes runs smoothly , and sometimes lurches and sputters . but it never quite stalls .
0	time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
0	the cynicism is colossal , the casting superb : norton may be the only actor alive who could pull off a character like sherman , without making him either an idiot or a parody .
0	though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
0	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
0	time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
0	para analizar esta película , es preciso separar dos criterios , el religioso y el cinematográfico
0	a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
0	humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
0	[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
0	cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
0	watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
0	first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction .
0	if ocean's eleven was a high-priced banquet of popular guys toasting one another's hard-earned coolness in a pointless caper , full frontal is the after-party .
0	if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
0	the plot's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney's strong sense of formula than to the original story . but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
0	sincere energy gives this soul-searcher something magic to find - if even along the beaten path .
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
0	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price .
0	basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
0	this is one of jaglom's most accessible and genuinely enjoyable films .
0	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it .
0	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
0	exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
0	it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
0	works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans .
0	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
0	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling .
0	the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
0	rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true .
0	how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
0	an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
0	one of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
0	it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
0	merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
0	visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
0	like a can of 2-day old coke . you can taste it , but there's no fizz .
0	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
0	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
0	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
0	. . . think of it as american pie on valium .
0	a near perfect fusion of computer and cel animation .
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
0	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
0	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
0	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics .
0	for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
0	imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
0	just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
0	hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry .
0	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
0	…passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick . strictly middle of the road .
0	a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together .
0	desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
0	pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous .
0	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
0	a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith's next movie .
0	hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty .
0	an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
0	occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
0	the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
0	sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
0	a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
0	starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
0	the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished .
0	a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
0	haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
0	the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness .
0	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
0	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
0	rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .
0	one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
0	a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given .
0	the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
0	. . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
0	this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works .
0	it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
0	i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
0	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
0	almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
0	this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
0	moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
0	a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
0	it doesn't do a lot of deep thinking , but unlike many futuristic combos of sf and f/x , it does make a statement : freedom of opinion is a threat to totalitarian systems .
0	neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
0	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
0	despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
0	never rising above routine episodic storytelling , white oleander nonetheless retains something of its source novel's ravaged emotional surface and cool , observant manner .
0	the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
0	. . . a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that's likely to irk viewers .
0	forget other scary movies with freaky internet sites , dastardly murderers , ghosts on boats , spooky videotapes , they aren't half as scary as a gothic good old horror film about monsters that live under the bed
0	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain .
0	. . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
0	[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel .
0	shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury .
0	more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
0	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
0	not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
0	few films seem so wise and knowing about the fact of age and the approach of the end .
0	it's a more believable scenario for infidelity than most such movies , and aniston gives her all to the role .
0	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
0	a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
0	though not as tightly focused or as well-performed as malkovich , human nature has its own absurdist flair .
0	a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
0	like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end .
0	if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions .
0	. . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
0	writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
0	attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
0	massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .
0	behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
0	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
0	300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
0	ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
0	yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
0	while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted .
0	. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
0	spirited away has the quality of a dream : it takes you places so foreign and fantastic you have no option but to yield completely to it and be spirited along .
0	while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
0	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
0	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
0	the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
0	though it's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
0	a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect .
0	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
0	a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
0	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance .
0	works as another uncompromisingly adult movie that assumes its audience is intelligent and doesn't have to cut narrative corners to make viewers feel safe .
0	no one , including the viewers , seems to know who can be trusted , and that's what makes this movie fun to watch .
0	don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
0	it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .
0	" mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
0	the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
0	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power .
0	[jaglom] creates an engaging insider's world of enthusiastically entertaining characters and absorbing situations .
0	the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't .
0	this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
0	kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
0	an amusing , even joyful second take on e . b . white's beloved children's book .
0	ripped of her humanity , testud's christine becomes a working stiff of greek proportions .
0	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight .
0	disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter .
0	davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is .
0	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
0	whatever eyre's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
0	hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role .
0	like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
0	the director sees the strengths of alagna and gheorghiu and plays them for every cinematic moment .
0	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) .
0	vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
0	reminds viewers of how beautiful and sexy a pregnant woman can be .
0	obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
0	mature , graceful documentary on conservative christian parents with homosexual children .
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
0	there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter .
0	matches neorealism's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
0	novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
0	. . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
0	a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
0	an intricate tale of guilt , grief and dark serendipity . . . so deft it's hard not to gasp with delight as the plot's pieces slide into place and its machinery begins humming .
0	admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
0	sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
0	it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms .
0	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
0	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
0	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
0	this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
0	works better in the conception than it does in the execution . . . winds up seeming just a little too clever .
0	wanker goths are on the loose ! run for your lives !
0	it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . .
0	be forewarned , if you're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
0	marlon brando has the godfather , laurence olivier has hamlet , and now tim allen has . . . santa claus .
0	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
0	its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
0	it's thoroughly entertaining and nonpatronizing , and occasionally even insightful .
0	the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
0	a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
0	there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x .
0	even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash .
0	mr . jacobi's recitation is illustrated with a rush of sensuous nature imagery , beautifully photographed by mr . cox and hans sonneveld and underscored with a lush soundtrack by paul grabowsky .
0	with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
0	. . . a b-movie-and-proud-of-it thrill ride , probably the best of its kind since tremors .
0	a lean , surprisingly artful programmer , closer in spirit to something like don siegel's riot in cell block 11 than to typical boxing fare .
0	it doesn't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
0	the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
0	overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
0	the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .
0	more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch .
0	with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
0	sort of an existential version of a seinfeld episode .
0	the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
0	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
0	while the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface , it is abbass' performance , as she vacillates flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer , that reveals the depths of her transformation .
0	if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger .
0	an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides .
0	francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them .
0	like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six .
0	less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
0	sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
0	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
0	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
0	the problem with this film is that it lacks focus . i sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie doesn't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
0	a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
0	like " this is spinal tap " , only with more pathetic protagonists- and funnier !
0	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
0	manages to be diverting while never falling into a morass of battlefield clichés .
0	i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible !
0	bielinsky's script is slick and fiendishly clever , with seemingly a twist a minute .
0	if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
0	the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
0	miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
0	imaginative and engaging follow-up , which revolves around a decidedly fresh story line that presents its stars with new challenges , obstacles and emotional opportunities .
0	its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work .
0	there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
0	this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow .
0	the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
0	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
0	" sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
0	. . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor .
0	christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
0	fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
0	a gracefully acted , unsentimental , quite likable little coming-of-age movie .
0	the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
0	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
0	if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
0	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
0	it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
0	is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
0	occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodóvar style .
0	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
0	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
0	apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
0	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
0	a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother .
0	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it .
0	it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut .
0	a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland .
0	crudup's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
0	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
0	both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
0	ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card .
0	a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
0	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
0	a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
0	it's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
0	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
0	williams has now proven that he can play creepy with the best of them .
0	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
0	movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
0	armed with a rad '80s soundtrack and a winning cast ( including indie rocker liz phair ) , cherish is an ingenious low-budget thriller .
0	an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
0	filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
0	every single scene conveys a significant and concise narrative development , yet does so in an unassuming , patient fashion that emphasizes detail .
0	it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .
0	this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
0	jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up .
0	those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know .
0	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
0	a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
0	turning a great movie into a pretty good one is still a step in the wrong direction . . . and the ring will never be more than a pretty good movie .
0	morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
0	what is 100% missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
0	on balance , i recommend the movie both for nicholson's performance and for the opportunity to spend some time with the kind of man that we often meet in real life , but rarely see on screen .
0	death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again .
0	pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler .
0	having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version .
0	. . . sheds light on the darkest corner of america's soul – and the man with the torch is the unlikely figure of a shuffling , bespectacled and overweight and underpaid filmmaker in baggy jeans .
0	. . . ( like ) channel surfing between the discovery channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
0	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
0	what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal .
0	it's filthy . it's sexist . and it's hilarious for adult audiences who appreciate lawrence's raunchy approach and perfect timing .
0	the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
0	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
0	jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
0	muccino is honest in the emotional damage left by his immature men and passionate in his portraits of twentysomething commitment-phobes struggling against growing up .
0	. . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
0	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot .
0	a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
0	it's unnerving , stimulating , likely to provoke anger and sorrow on both political sides -- and , above all , it's extremely funny .
0	it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
0	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
0	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style .
0	was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ?
0	colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor .
0	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
0	so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
0	twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone .
0	debrauwer handles the story with such feeling and understanding that you quickly come to , not just like , but love these characters .
0	as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
0	schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film's present with the playful paranoia of the film's past .
0	there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
0	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
0	a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
0	just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing .
0	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
0	director robert rodriguez has once again caught lightning in a bottle .
0	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
0	with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
0	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources .
0	a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
0	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
0	visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
0	oliver parker brings the wit's [oscar wilde] work to the screen in a solidly rendered creation .
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
0	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
0	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
0	an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer's previous collaboration , miss congeniality .
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
0	we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine .
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
0	anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
0	the movie is well crafted , and well executed . if you're paying attention , the " big twists " are pretty easy to guess - but that doesn't make the movie any less entertaining .
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
0	director joe maggio's riveting film is blessed with a solid cast .
0	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself .
0	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
0	director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question .
0	a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
0	a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
0	slowly but surely devolves into a fascinating , cringe-inducing portrait of cultural solipsism , climaxing in an emotional meltdown that wouldn't look out of place in mid-period cassavetes .
0	following ram dass down from his pedestal gives mr . lemle a way into his subject that will compel the viewer .
0	it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .
0	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
0	'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
0	friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ?
0	the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
0	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
0	niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
0	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted .
0	to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
0	during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' .
0	easily stands alongside such throat-clutching classics of cinematic political action as z and the battle of algiers .
0	the transfer to the imax screen diminishes none of the film's drama , which was always much more about human emotions than technology .
0	is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ?
0	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
0	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were .
0	there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
0	bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i haven't encountered since at least pete's dragon .
0	both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
0	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them .
0	the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
0	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline .
0	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
0	an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
0	imax films can sometimes feel like a gimmick , but this is one subject that demands a scope as big as the imagination .
0	while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an ironic detachment from the melodramatics , there's no irony in the end-title dedication to price -- it obviously comes straight from the heart .
0	at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
0	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans .
0	a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
0	the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
0	its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
0	rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
0	a charming , vibrant , if under-edited adaptation of v . s . naipaul's genially cynical novel .
0	i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
0	while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier .
0	red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin .
0	so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
0	this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still .
0	it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
0	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
0	a great looking , trippy adventure . i can't wait for the next one .
0	you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here .
0	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
0	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
0	this rough but extraordinary film presents a haunting picture of life in kurdistan .
0	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
0	most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
0	what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
0	at the same time touching , funny and breathtaking .
0	a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
0	it lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made [eyre's] first film something of a sleeper success .
0	amazing ? not quite . but this film sure is lovely .
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter .
0	this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
0	broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
0	no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
0	this is the film training day wanted to be .
0	interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses .
0	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore .
0	. . . more evocative than many other anime features , with its echoes of classic science fiction and contemporary cyberpunk .
0	by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it . . . . then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
0	the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
0	payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business .
0	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
0	[kidd] can write dialogue , work skillfully with actors , and he has a pretty good handle on urban loneliness of the knowing , virulent new york city variety .
0	a little weak -- and it isn't that funny .
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
0	will anyone who isn't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasn't gone straight to video ?
0	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
0	evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
0	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
0	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
0	would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
0	moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
0	you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid .
0	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow .
0	despite the film's shortcomings , it's still a solid effort and a thought-provoking look at idealism gone wrong .
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere .
0	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " .
0	drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
0	it further declares its director , zhang yang of shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
0	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad .
0	secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion .
0	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
0	despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
0	overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek's novel by some way . it settles for being merely grim .
0	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
0	a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
0	unsung heroes of some of pop music's finest moments get to stand up and be counted in this documentary/concert/tribute .
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
0	hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
0	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
0	cannon's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film's saving graces .
0	benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end .
0	the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
0	by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
0	it reminds us that nathan lane is the best show stealer in show business .
0	it seems lawrence has reflected deeply upon his down periods . they've left him wiser without dulling the sharp edges of his humor .
0	you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club .
0	the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v . s . naipaul's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
0	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .
0	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch .
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
0	thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
0	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
0	a haunting film about one of the great escapes of all time .
0	`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
0	disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both .
0	the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
0	davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
0	extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles .
0	the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
0	payami is to be applauded for taking biting potshots at such volatile issues as iran's outmoded electoral process and women's status as second-class citizens .
0	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
0	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
0	has an impact that transcends politics and some dramatic overreaching by writer-director randall wallace .
0	mehta expertly fashions a fascinating hybrid that is sure to delight audiences with its good-natured and well-timed humor , and its unabashed refusal to take itself seriously .
0	a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that .
0	more than the last time around , it has elements that might help divert those bigger people who find themselves unavoidably in attendance .
0	a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
0	it's the kind of film where the villain even gives an evil look for his passport photo . how can you resist that ?
0	it's a weepy , nail-biting story line that's all too familiar , although abbass portrays her character with strong conviction and carries the film gracefully .
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
0	enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
0	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis .
0	outside of burger's desire to make some kind of film , it's really unclear why this project was undertaken
0	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
0	an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .
0	seeing it as a westerner is an enlightening , even liberating , experience .
0	the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
0	there's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version .
0	the movie is never less than watchable and consistently entertaining , but the need to push gags too far keeps tripping it up .
0	at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
0	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
0	a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
0	those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
0	weiss and speck capture the rich , turbulent tapestry of the manns' lives .
0	there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .
0	there's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
0	borrows a bit from the classics " wait until dark " and " extremities " . . . but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
0	my wife is an actress works as well as it does because [the leads] are such a companionable couple .
0	treats a potentially explosive set-up with adult reflection and thoughtfulness .
0	after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
0	i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .
0	pete's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
0	it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action .
0	. . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
0	it's hard not to like a film that has sky divers jumping out of helicopters to catch flying dragons in a big net .
0	like the best war movies -- and like martial literature going back to the iliad -- it balances the dreadful , unassuageable cruelty of warfare and the valor and decency of those who fight .
0	just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
0	a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
0	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
0	. . . while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare's macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention .
0	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ?
0	jirí hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
0	a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
0	a by-the-numbers patient/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
0	an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
0	a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
0	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .
0	this isn't an original film , but it is an effective one .
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
0	a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
0	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
0	gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
0	in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
0	arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
0	in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little .
0	it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
0	diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
0	it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
0	. . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
0	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
0	this is almodovar's stab at serious drama , and the result is bizarre and affecting but also unsettling in ways that the filmmaker may not have intended .
0	the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
0	it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland .
0	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
0	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
0	herzog , a man of detail became enraptured with his subject and was unable to use his editing shears .
0	that the chuck norris " grenade gag " occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .
0	unfortunately , heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
0	branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
0	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time .
0	a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
0	the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name .
0	. . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
0	a dizzying digital video oddyssey through the snowy woods of upstate new york .
0	the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses .
0	on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
0	real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
0	proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
0	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
0	if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship .
0	. . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . .
0	has something to say . . . but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .
0	after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
0	expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
0	never really funny and falling just short of exciting , bad company is just ok for an action flick .
0	the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand .
0	holm . . . embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
0	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
0	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .
0	i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story .
0	on a purely pictorial level , this is one of the best-looking imax movies ever .
0	we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
0	this is a movie that made me smile for two hours straight .
0	human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem .
0	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse .
0	in a time when , more often than not , sequels disappoint , it's refreshing to uncover something this high-profile that fulfils the promise of its name and adds another title to a storied legacy .
0	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much .
0	a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare's plays .
0	robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
0	the movie overcomes its lack or originality in the setup by making good use of its central idea , that a pair of sneakers could make a kid into an nba star .
0	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) .
0	frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes .
0	light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
0	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
0	beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
0	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie .
0	even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown .
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
0	it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making .
0	filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
0	É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado .
0	julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
0	one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
0	sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
0	a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work .
0	reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
0	the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
0	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style .
0	what's so striking about jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
0	both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
0	it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
0	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .
0	director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
0	it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
0	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
0	in this age of soulless , fx-driven action franchises raimi anachronistically emphasizes character development .
0	that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .
0	" 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
0	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down .
0	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
0	worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
0	fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
0	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
0	anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark .
0	what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
0	by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
0	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
0	this movie is more fun than many of those tall tales that hollywood calls feature films .
0	there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .
0	the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
0	the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
0	by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
0	solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
0	a sweet , engaging family story about the nature of faith and the power of youthful innocence .
0	not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
0	drumline is a movie that treats its characters and audience with respect ; it can't be accused of being a dumbed-down teen comedy .
0	when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
0	an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
0	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
0	if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
0	responsável direto pelo fracasso 'artístico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox não consegue sequer aproveitar os pouquíssimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade .
0	without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed .
0	the only question . . . is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . average , at best , i'm afraid .
0	this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
0	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
0	the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring .
0	an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality .
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
0	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
0	bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
0	august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to tell a tragic tale while avoiding the heavy-laden angst of a bergman film .
0	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
0	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
0	until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
0	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .
0	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures .
0	[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
0	this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring .
0	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
0	there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes .
0	solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
0	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
0	acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
0	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening .
0	it doesn't seem like it's following a fixed path to the finish . unlike so many movies , it feels alive .
0	often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
0	like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
0	sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
0	a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . .
0	not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
0	if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
0	it comes the closest to any movie experience i've had in re-creating the aftermath of unexplained suicide .
0	nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity . . .
0	the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
0	a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
0	. . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
0	brings a rare , clinically specific sense of moral complexity and humanistic sympathy to the usual regimen of finger-pointing and exposure .
0	the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
0	a spiritual exploration of sorts , offering a message of hope that resonates .
0	my 5-year-old niece emily was so thrilled by the first 20 minutes , she announced , " i'm gonna try to stay awake through the whole movie ! " , which she then proceeded to do .
0	because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them , tarantula and other low- budget b-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions .
0	what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
0	it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does .
0	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
0	nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation .
0	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
0	bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
0	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon !
0	morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
0	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
0	by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived .
0	an engaging and specific portrait of a culture in transition , even as it evokes humanity's most universal and timeless values .
0	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
0	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
0	has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . .
0	great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
0	what emerges is not only an underdog v . simon bar sinister saga but a fascinating character study .
0	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
0	one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen .
0	it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
0	it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
0	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
0	the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys' direction is clever and insightful .
0	let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
0	if you're a crocodile hunter fan , you'll enjoy at least the " real " portions of the film . if you're looking for a story , don't bother .
0	turns out to be much more complex than the originally released gem .
0	a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
0	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
0	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
0	an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg's the prince of egypt from 1998 .
0	a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
0	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
0	soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing .
0	while the finished product is still fun , never dull and the athletes themselves remarkable , inspired and apt , the production could have been improved .
0	a powerful , absorbing and thoroughly transporting film experience .
0	[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .
0	majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
0	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
0	pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
0	ranks with such films as in the bedroom , ordinary people , and terms of endearment in the sensitivity with which it observes the effect a child's death on the remaining members of the family .
0	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
0	an excellent chance to learn more about one of rock and roll's most significant bands and the struggle for freedom in the communist world .
0	while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
0	. . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not .
0	it's impossible to duplicate the shock of the 11-year-old lambs , but the new film succeeds at creating nerve-tightening moments of suspense .
0	a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
0	it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through .
0	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
0	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
0	anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
0	hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions .
0	proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
0	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is…
0	surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
0	a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
0	ms . bennett is worth watching , and her story is weirdly detailed enough to prove once more that truth is too strange for good fiction .
0	even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . every child's story is what matters . this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
0	looking at the posters for blue crush , which show bosworth , rodriguez and lake posing with bikinis and surfboards , i expected another mindless surfing movie . blue crush is anything but .
0	even if the world doesn't see things the way [michael moore] does , his questions are worth asking . … and bowling for columbine benefits from his iconoclastic zeal .
0	a breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
0	vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
0	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
0	as in his other searingly intelligent docs , dong presents the facts in an admirably clear-eyed way .
0	the movie provides an intimate glimpse of how sensibilities as compatible as oil and water forced themselves to blend and create a successful work despite their aesthetic differences .
0	a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
0	eul-boon kim's soulful portrayal of the illiterate , deaf-mute grandmother illuminates the dignity of her demeanor and the sad resignation in her eyes .
0	ver wiel has concocted one of the most elaborately twisted , diverting caper films in years .
0	no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess .
0	takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
0	will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .
0	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in .
0	" the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes .
0	for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
0	the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
0	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
0	though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
0	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
0	remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
0	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women .
0	weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste .
0	it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving .
0	an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
0	this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
0	a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
0	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
0	children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
0	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
0	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
0	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
0	you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
0	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
0	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro .
0	tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down .
0	'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
0	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing .
0	ratliff deserves high marks for his restraint and willingness not to try and shape or mold our opinion regarding what is being shown .
0	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
0	though shiri's eruptions of violence , mayhem and gunplay are every bit as kinetic and dazzling as anything generated in hong kong or hollywood , the film's primary focus is always on its characters .
0	harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
0	. . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
0	mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
0	quirky and understated office comedy with crispin glover as the guy who would prefer not to work , but likes to hang around .
0	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent .
0	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
0	the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further .
0	i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
0	just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
0	this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
0	others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
0	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
0	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism .
0	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
0	. . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
0	it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
0	huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
0	life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
0	a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
0	. . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
0	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
0	. . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags .
0	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
0	miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
0	a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise .
0	[nesbitt's is] one of those performances that simply 'is . '
0	it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
0	while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
0	suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
0	we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire .
0	the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
0	this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents .
0	it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
0	plays like a toddler running along a lumpy field , stumbling every few feet but always getting back up and eventually reaching his destination , unharmed and happy .
0	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . "
0	will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
0	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
0	earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
0	smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
0	though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
0	once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
0	despite impeccable acting . . . and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns , love is just too , too precious in the end .
0	the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .
0	it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
0	carion relies on a gesture or passages of silence to get his point across ; it's a technique that packs a greater emotional punch than a tidy , hollywood-style monologue ever would .
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack .
0	this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
0	ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
0	adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
0	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
0	10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
0	it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its " dead wife communicating from beyond the grave " framework is even remotely new or interesting .
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick .
0	there's an uneasy balance between the comedy and the drama that doesn't really fire on all levels , but it works on a few of them .
0	. . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
0	if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate .
0	the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
0	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
0	alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
0	[griffith] adds another intriguing character to her formidable body of work .
0	to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
0	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
0	a delectable little treat that's sunny , funny , and far more intelligent than you'd expect .
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
0	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
0	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
0	wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
0	without getting grand or preachy , the sprechers use an unconventional approach to coax us into asking ourselves fundamental questions .
0	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
0	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house .
0	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point .
0	the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie's power as a work of drama .
0	the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
0	the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
0	holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man ! good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
0	one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
0	derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
0	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
0	escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
0	it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . .
0	those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
0	it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
0	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
0	when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks .
0	the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
0	kudos to this first-time feature director for braiding his insider experience into something quite singular .
0	dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering .
0	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
0	it is von sydow who gives intacto its gravity , resonance , soul .
0	not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
0	even if you're an elvis person , you won't find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
0	shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .
0	gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
0	exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos .
0	if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here's a fun one .
0	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
0	it's simply delightful to watch an actor like michel serrault do his stuff .
0	feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
0	quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to .
0	like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
0	the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
0	what blood work lacks in speed and surprise it almost makes up for in doughty professionalism .
0	both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
0	aimed at a new age audience , but its subject's sincerity and gentle , self-deprecating nature translate well to a general audience .
0	the rookie feels like baseball itself : sort of boring , sort of stately , yet possessed of an ineffable poetry that speaks to the young heart of old men and their sons .
0	bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious .
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage .
0	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
0	she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . .
0	with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
0	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
0	at its heart and most importantly , spirited away concerns a little girl learning to honour her friends and her family by valuing herself .
0	a model of what films like this should be like .
0	little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
0	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
0	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
0	if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
0	a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
0	still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
0	you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it .
0	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
0	what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
0	this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
0	the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
0	as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
0	bernal's transformation from naive priest to tortured adulterer to hard-nosed careerist is riveting .
0	j-lo strikes back in a tense and thrilling revenge flick with the best fight scene so far this year . but i couldn't help feeling guilty over my delight at the brutal way 'enough' ended .
0	for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
0	the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible !
0	a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty .
0	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
0	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
0	. . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
0	despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at " the real americans " make this a charmer .
0	an interesting , if not entirely successful , biography of two extraordinary personalities .
0	less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
0	i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
0	the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
0	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
0	the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
0	ice cube , as usual , is an appealing presence , but the rest of the cast shines as well .
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances .
0	a light-hearted french film about the spiritual quest of a fashion model seeking peace of mind while in a love affair with a veterinarian who is a non-practicing jew .
0	it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
0	it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
0	s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . .
0	for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie .
0	blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
0	though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
0	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
0	the splendid ensemble cast inhabits these unglamorous roles with quiet gusto .
0	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
0	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
0	finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
0	visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
0	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
0	a sumptuous showcase for ian holm , who delivers not one but two great performances .
0	not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .
0	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end .
0	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .
0	not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
0	icon-bashing has never been as amusing as it is in michael rubbo's documentary much ado about something .
0	the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
0	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
0	a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
0	director roger michell does so many of the little things right that it's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
0	" an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . "
0	hoffman is understandably concerned about typecasting , but he is indeed the man for the job , recalling the intensity that nicholas cage brought to an oscar-winning performance in leaving las vegas .
0	overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
0	slow and ponderous , but rohmer's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption .
0	may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
0	thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired .
0	its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
0	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
0	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
0	sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
0	it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
0	it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
0	godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
0	a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
0	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia .
0	because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before .
0	scores by marshaling facts that speak for themselves . and they don't speak kindly .
0	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
0	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
0	about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the american dream .
0	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
0	wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
0	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
0	a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics .
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
0	a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
0	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
0	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
0	in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
0	a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
1	harboring a secret , john guides angela to a shocking realization that will uncover the past .
1	the story follows their lives as they try to reconcile their differences while world war ii impacts each of them on their lives and finally in old age when they meet again , with the hope that the differences in their youht can finally be reconciled .
1	our hero , murray , must finish his long overdue thesis on " the ten archetypes of americans in their twenties " as the clock ticks ever louder .
1	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel .
1	if people accept it , the crime rate is going to drop drastically , but it never will be known if there might not be too many people imprisoned , some or even all of them innocent .
1	oscar james takes ryan on a rollercoaster ride of mayhem and madness , but everything has a price and oscar won't let ryan easily escape this carnage-strewn nightmare 'til the final showdown when he reveals his real purpose .
1	after a drastic confrontation with the 'normal' outside world that results in fighting and panic , the group breaks up .
1	discover what seprates the sportsstyles and the spiritual style of martial arts .
1	considering his profession could be a very dangerous occupation .
1	a team of professional thieves are hired to rob a jewelry exchange .
1	surfing his first big break in pictures , young actor reverend heads for the big-time in hollywood .
1	they plan it the way laurel and hardy might plan a bank robbery , or perhaps the marx brothers .
1	this could be lizzy's only chance to start a new life and recreate the family she tragically lost as a child .
1	testing his theories with a time machine of his own invention , hartdegen is hurtled 800 , 000 years into the future , where he discovers that mankind has divided into the hunter - and the hunted .
1	two pairs , each married for quite a long time , are living in a small east german town .
1	as a young man , walter t . shaw jr . saw his father go unaccredited for his remarkable work and set out on his ironically celebrated career in crime .
1	while on a ski trip , one of them finds passion with a beautiful girl after a random accident on the icy slopes .
1	charlotte contacts the perfect life saver to thank him , but everything isn't what it seems .
1	immediately there is bad blood with chambers not wanting to be second to no one which leads to a lunch room fight between the men .
1	winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a " 17 " year old boy who shares the same feelings for her .
1	but when a tragedy strikes anakin's life , he begins slipping away from the light side of the force , and perhaps from the force itself .
1	the egyptian queen cleopatra bets against the roman emperor , julius caesar , that her people are still great , even if the times of the pharaohs has long passed .
1	along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other .
1	and while ingrid's gift is to give astrid the power to survive , astrid's gift is to teach her mother about love .
1	the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror .
1	now ten years later , his hope in life now is to find line , an ideal woman lost in his imagination .
1	in the partnership , israeli settlers arrange permits from the israeli military , allowing palestinians to work from the area k beach .
1	he no longer recognizes his wife isabelle nor his young son antoine nor his best friend fred .
1	and may bring claire face to face with her past .
1	two college grads land an entry level mafia job driving a retiring don's car cross country .
1	this is the story of " johnny " , a struggling blues musician estranged from both his family and the country roots he left behind .
1	it is no coincidence that funding for " anti-graffiti " campaigns often outweighs funding for the arts .
1	after he arrives , things seem to go smoothly at first , but eventually , life becomes very complicated for the young father as he spends more time in the community .
1	petra and karl must work together in order to thwart petrov , a cold-blooded gangster , who will kill anyone who gets in his way .
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison .
1	joseph just broke up with his girlfriend and is not taking it very well .
1	after this unusual , tragic experience , paul begins to realize that he has just lost his mom .
1	arrests of his posse are piling up and profits are plummeting .
1	outside a storm rages and when the power goes out , darkness envelops the house .
1	twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring .
1	although he has feelings on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him .
1	they carry out a sentence pronounced by rule of law .
1	despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub .
1	the film is a romantic comedy about a portuguese widow whose husband had been a fisherman who died at sea .
1	durval and his mother carmita live at the back of " durval discos " , a record store they own in s&#227 ; o paulo , specializing in vinyl records .
1	it's been 10 years since the events of the second film .
1	she meets a mysterious man ( mark wahlberg ) , who tells her that the money was really his , and he wants it back , seemingly convinced that she's hiding the cash .
1	the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood .
1	indeed , it appears that all of his advances go unnoticed on this lovely but embittered singled mom .
1	lucy is a theater student at the city university .
1	tonight there's a dancing competition at the hottest salsa restaurant in copenhagen .
1	the orchestra player gets known to his neighbour , a gay man having also relationship troubles , and together they are trying hard to find a way how to go on with their lifes .
1	uma thurman stars in quentin tarantino's fourth film venture , kill bill .
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . .
1	jesse custer , a texas preacher , is imbued by the power of an entity called genesis , part angel and part demon , who give him the power of the word , the ability to make anybody do anything he says .
1	he has all the kit but none of the skill , and he's a laughing stock at school .
1	a unique bond was formed between both as he could share with her the intense pain of his unfulfilled love for paro .
1	this " hitchcockian " thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold .
1	polish jewish woman arrives in brazil dreaming of marrying but has to become a prostitute to survive .
1	sam marks his last day in the battleground of public education by getting saddled with the detention class after hours , playing warden to a pack of rebellious students , the worst troublemakers in school .
1	david banner is performing regeneration experiments and uses himself as a guinea pig .
1	the attorney leaves the scene of the accident and strands the salesman , causing him to miss his custody hearing .
1	terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as " hockey hair " .
1	july 1 , 1981 four people were bludgeoned to death .
1	realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well .
1	he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what to do .
1	what about charlotte : can pally let his heart take the lead ?
1	the " actress " becomes an overnight sensation , with a major singing career as well , and everyone thinks she's a real person .
1	filmmaker rick mckay documents actor/illusionist james beaman's transformation from an attractive young actor to the legendary icon marlene dietrich .
1	the trail twists and turns until the squad uncovers more than anyone would have ever given them credit for .
1	hollywood vampyr is an expose of los angeles' gothic subculture as seen through the eyes of a young female vampire .
1	he feels he is only an instrument of their greed .
1	realizing that in this love-induced haze , he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down , ted breaks it off with heather to again pursue his destiny as " bachelorman . "
1	wounded by tom's derision , michael befriends ex-convict everette hatch , who , recognizing opportunity , exploits michael's ideas to his advantage .
1	he awakes to what appears to be the next morning only to find that he is one year into the future and is an escaped convict for the murder of his fianc&#233 ; e .
1	dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid !
1	whe he misses a dose of prozium , a mind-altering drug that hinders emotion , preston , who has been trained to enforce the strict laws of the new regime , suddenly becomes the only person capable of overthrowing it .
1	atlantic city serenade is about the price we pay for the choices we make in the quest for power over our own inner demons .
1	they create a new day care facility called " daddy day care " and have kids like : the smart-mouthed-but-became-polite crispin ( shane baumel ) , the really-smart becca ( hailey noelle johnson ) , and the flash/tony ( jimmy bennett ) .
1	it is dawn on the morning of the vernal equinox .
1	his songs are no longer seen as top grade .
1	" the brookdale institute " is a mysterious , little known hospital for the criminally insane ( a fact which is kept on a need-to know basis ) .
1	though he tried to maintain a life of solitude , he is soon entangled with an artist who is struggling with a personal tragedy and an overly-friendly cuban hot dog vendor .
1	based on an attraction at disneyland , the country bear jamboree , " the country bears " ( 2002 ) is one in a long line of live action disney family films .
1	like it or not , anne marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for matt .
1	as their relationship builds jenny starts to struggle in her religious beliefs and her new lifestyle .
1	three stories delicately intertwined by the beauty of sadness .
1	gigantic is the story of they might be giants , a unique musical group centered on john flansburgh and john linnell .
1	and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match .
1	amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday .
1	when he kills a butterfly , he unknowingly sets off a chain reaction that will erase humanity from existence .
1	after nearly two decades of staring at his victim's face on a newspaper clipping in his cell , the paroled man attempts to find redemption , in the form of a mysterious minister ( freeman ) and two needy women ( dunst and hunter ) .
1	spielrein was a young russian-jewish woman of 18 when she arrived in august 1904 at the burgh&#246 ; lzli clinic in zurich where carl gustav jung had set up shop .
1	immediately , john q . rushes michael to the hospital's emergency room for a transplant .
1	jude law plays a leading role as inman , a wounded confederate soldier who is on a perilous journey home to his mountain community , hoping to reunite with his prewar sweetheart , ada , played by nicole kidman .
1	a " film poem " which is a 2002 updated version of the famous 1936 general post office film 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' .
1	separated from his wife , louis will be given the opportunity to find out what is most important . . .
1	the pair wave farewell in the airport and yoyo returns to hong kong to further her studies , while cheung continues to write his unfinished dissertation .
1	as they try to keep one step ahead of peter , it becomes clear that there is someone else in the woods , someone who is watching them all .
1	while in jail they usually have fights with the security guard , a overweight lunatic .
1	august has become a real problem for some of the bosses around town , and ronnie will soon find out just what his frankenstein's monster will cost him .
1	purpo$e is a story about business in the new millenium , and a world shifted away from quality to quantity .
1	however , the cold british guard ( bale ) is quick to end this visit , throwing bobby's mother out !
1	this fairy tale beginning freefalls from happy to disastrous as the newlyweds are besieged by emotionally challenged children , a savagily jealous ex-wife and a drunken dad .
1	johnathan cross , a lover of extreme sports , is recruited by alexi petrovich to star in his sportive invention , rollerball .
1	tor loves jessica but his life has got stuck in a rut .
1	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream .
1	straight into the hands of a man they call the lord of the wolves .
1	our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr .
1	to his surprise , he makes it , but now the real challenge begins - to cease being jamal and start new life as juwanna .
1	as the story unfolds , blake realizes that the master seduces young devotees including melinda and ariel into ritualistic acts of sex .
1	and does he feel the same way about daniel ?
1	when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses .
1	eleven year old david wiseman is mad about cricket but no good at it .
1	14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family .
1	when miami dentist ted brooks ( cuba gooding , jr . ) learns that his birth mother has passed away and that he was named in her will , he travels to alaska to claim his inheritance .
1	her paranoia seeps insidiously into her newfound fantasy life and overwhelms it - destroying everything in its wake .
1	stitch as the new family member brings quite some action into all their lifes , and after a while , not even pleakley and dr . jookiba can recognize their former target .
1	but , things go frightfully wrong and the game turns into a struggle to make it out of the house alive .
1	soledad , the desert artist who accompanies hilary home , hopes this trip will be the start of their new life together .
1	maggie's father , yayo , runs a successful bakery , steve is a politician , elena is a fashion designer , ms . al seeks love , conrado is a bashful deliveryman , and mateo is looking for a chance in life .
1	a hit man from the same mob is sent to kill sullivan and his family , but only kills his wife and son , peter .
1	it is a story about finding yourself when you didn't even know you were looking .
1	seeking a microscopic camera that could be incorporated into his artificial eye so he could secretly film whatever he sees , the filmmaker explores the futuristic technology that could make this possible , while revisiting chapters of his own past .
1	sixteen years later , germany , in the ruhrpott , to be exact : orphan t&#252 ; rlich and his friend josch are working their civil service , yet cause so much chaos that they decide to flee instead of being forced into the army .
1	he also tries to cope with the recent death of his 6 year old son jacob , whose presence can still be felt in the house .
1	through a series of flashbacks , he is forced to face the fact that he has been unable to get her to quit smoking and probably never will .
1	he tries other legal approaches , which also fail .
1	now the assassin and the cop must join forces - so sue can avenge her sister's death and hong can prove her innocence in a spectacular confrontation at chow nunn's headquarters . . .
1	they will try to find hanareh , a singer with a magic voice who crossed the border and may now be in danger in the iraqi kurdistan .
1	he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader .
1	in the little town in georgia that they live in , things soon change .
1	it's a love story in havana at the begining of the 19th century , between a young women from hait&#237 ; and a german man .
1	in a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances bought , six perfect strangers come together to pull off the perfect crime .
1	kilo decides to learn how to prosper in the drug world and his new life as a dealer begins .
1	in the process , quinn discovers secrets from his past and battles with the inner demons that made him the man he is today .
1	but what makes lucky dangerous is his ability to get inside mudd's head and turn him into a serial killer .
1	one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter .
1	a broad stylistic combination of cinema verit&#233 ; and magic realism , the film follows emile's life as he tries to reconnect with his last remaining relation nada .
1	huh is taken into custody after kang shoots and wounds him at the scene of the crime .
1	in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women .
1	narrated by james ellroy , stan brakhage , and dr . roy menninger .
1	archeology professor robert burns is on location leading an important dig in the ancient ruins on the far eastern chinese border .
1	with the help of another innocent prisoner ( richard harris ) , he escapes the island and proceeds to transform himself into the wealthy count of monte cristo as part of his plan to exact revenge .
1	his odyssey finally leads him onto a theatre stage .
1	when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella miko ) , who says she's reincarnated he must confront his beliefs .
1	with her as a mentor he gains confidence and strength of character .
1	the case gets more complicated , when even the police themselves appear to become suspects in the murders .
1	a few years later , tragedy struck her , first a fire in her house which caused her to not be able to go into any type of light , and then she was hanged .
1	it can become even more complicated when the visit is a most unusual homestay with three single , american men with extremely diverse and . . . unique personalities .
1	through the stories of four different families , daddy &#38 ; papa delves into some of the particular challenges facing gay men who decide to become dads .
1	perky , perfect carolyn and her alpha omega pi sisters plan to win sorority of the year by impressing the greek council with a killer charity : coaching mentally challenged athletes for the regional challenged games .
1	daphne , a seventeen-year-old girl from new york goes to england in search of her father , who does not know he had a child with an american girlfriend he met while working in morocco , and whose aristocratic family did not approve of the woman .
1	the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses .
1	a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a .
1	the two meet after years of separation when clara returns to the barrio to visit her father , roman ( ricky davao ) .
1	since then , he was considered crazy by everyone in town , except for his childhood girlfriend , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) , and her younger brother .
1	based on a philip k . dick short story , minority report is about a cop in the future working in a division of the police department that arrests killers before they commit the crimes courtesy of some future viewing technology .
1	after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia .
1	their love for each other is like a beacon in the storm .
1	four characters are carried over , the first sergeant , the clerk , the mess sergent , and the misfit .
1	the film shows the surreal side of routines that seem simple and ordinary .
1	set in the los angeles police department in april 1992 , dark blue is a dramatic thriller that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the beating of black motorist rodney king and the subsequent l . a . riots .
1	and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding .
1	after pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in venice , italy , charlie and his gang -- inside man steve ( norton ) , computer genius lyle ( green ) , wheelman handsome rob ( statham ) , explosives expert left-ear ( mos def ) and veteran safecracker john bridger ( sutherland ) - can't believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser .
1	armed with just two revolvers and a dozen grenades , king persuades cuthbertson to join him on a mission to occupied france .
1	will the doctor be able to save komal from the don ?
1	not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home .
1	to the horror of her friends and pumpkin's overprotective mother , carolyn falls in love , becoming an outcast in the process .
1	series of 12 short movies from the start of the twentieth century , compiled by michel reilhac .
1	yeah , she's been hanging with some pretty freaky people and she's tired of their crazy scene and wants out .
1	nayomi and lisa walk in , and pick up the gun that mitchell just dropped off and leave .
1	but with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger , arnold and gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood .
1	stifler plans to throw the ultimate bachelor party , and finch is not for letting stifler steal the maid of honor , who happens to be michelle's sexy younger sister , cadence .
1	but fowler soon discovers cho cho is the only dog in the world who can speak to humans . . .
1	the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations .
1	susie is obsessed about losing weight , thus being " bonita " and not " gorda " - the two keywords in the original spanish title .
1	but throughout these years , she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison .
1	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band .
1	this idyllic existence is upset by the arrival in the village of anita rutter and her dysfunctional family .
1	the elders are surprised and delighted when they learn this lesson first hand .
1	a small house stands on a hill overlooking the inland sea .
1	after narrow escapes from the germans and a stray mine in the channel , the two men are picked up at sea and interrogated as spies .
1	west has now identified an electrical phenomenon # the nee # which is discharged from the brain at the moment of death . . . and which may be the 'missing link' in his studies : if the nee is re-injected into a re-animated corpse , it should restore the 'subject' to full 'reason' . . .
1	new hampshire , 1972 : will murphy , fledgling restaurant mogul , amateur lounge singer and go-go bar owner is stumbling after his own version of the american dream .
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses .
1	these devices immediately became an essential household appliance , and were advertised in nearly every women's magazine and sewing notions catalog of the time .
1	an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey .
1	living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies .
1	deep in the blue ridge mountains , just outside of a small , quiet town , lives willy , an animalistic , southern rebel .
1	based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service .
1	sara , recently divorced and mourning the loss of her only child , rents her basement to bogdan , a serbian musician who brings the whole band along .
1	a young rebell oversteps the boarder between stage and life on the trail of francois villon .
1	larry goldberg is the owner of a second-hand bookstore in amsterdam .
1	john klein ( richard gere ) , a washington newspaper reporter leaves his job after his wife ( debra messing ) dies to investigate strange reports , including psychic visions ( " prophecies " ) and sightings of winged creatures ( " mothmen " ) , in a small west virginia town , that may be the signs of an alien invasion of earth . . .
1	convinced that peter is tracking her , she turns to them for help .
1	when the film reaches its dramatic climax , a varied cast of characters must all figure out a way to bridge the chasm between their dreams and reality .
1	the republic of vermont lasted from 1777-1791 when it became the 14th state .
1	but jesse&#180 ; isn&#180 ; s alone , because he&#180 ; s accompanied by tulip , his assassin girldfriend and cassidy a drunk irish vampire .
1	but with betts systematically eliminating anyone in his way , a further web of conspiracy unfolds and rachel and daniel are led to her old family doctor , robert barrum ( frank finlay ) .
1	after his friend , a hot young artist , is killed , a resourceful american man living in london covers up the crime and tries to keep the friend's name alive in order to exploit his legacy and reap millions in the process .
1	amerika , zed and kyle are good friends until the wicked witch trasha comes along and takes kyle away .
1	second in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and aliens .
1	as a way of catharsis , he arranges for a woman to meet his nephew/surrogate son in a selfish act of redemption ; as a result raymond brings larger problems between the two to the surface .
1	during the course of the story we also learn that his father died at age 40 ; and now , as jones approaches his 40th birthday , he suffers from " survivor's guilt . "
1	matt lee whitlock ( washington ) , respected chief of police in small banyan key , florida , must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion .
1	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death .
1	their assignment : using equal parts skill and humor , catch arnold gundars , one of the world's most successful illegal arms dealers , and foil his treacherous plans for the plane .
1	what kind of advice would they receive from family , friends , neighbors , and folks at the corner deli ?
1	we live in world of sorrow and pain but all it takes is one person unafraid to make a difference .
1	a theme park owned by a man named , mondavarious .
1	a very hung-over julie is also there , on a field trip with her art class .
1	daily prison life is not drab but full of unexpected happenings like a story .
1	before long , a large canada goose covered entirely with duct tape is attached to the possum van , and red and the boys set out on their pilgrimage to save the lodge .
1	patricia gets increasingly unhappy within the materialistic las vegas scene .
1	before his very eyes on the store tv monitor , he sees his pick come up as the winning numbers for $50-million !
1	however , once jason realizes what freddy has done , he is infuriated .
1	also henry coville , an inscrutable professional whiskey-runner , and rat kinneson , quebec bill's perpetually disconsolate hired man .
1	harry is watching over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive .
1	after healing a woman of a stroke , william picks up another pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god .
1	in this cinematic concert , mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality , then visually altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques .
1	academy award winner angelina jolie stars as sarah jordan , an american living in london in 1984 .
1	when times are tough , peter discovers his next door neighbor might be the real santa claus .
1	the film is about a boy ( justin long ) who locks himself in the bathroom to work out math equations on the shower wall .
1	during the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single-handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot .
1	they marry because that's what you are supposed to do .
1	this " league " comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr .
1	cabin fever sets in , and the border between fact and fantasy begins to distort .
1	he can do anything but when he discovers others in buffalo who are praying , he learns that maybe this job of being god isn't really that easy .
1	jacki ( gina gershon ) , sexy punk rocker and lead singer of the all-girl band clamdandy , is at a crossroads .
1	gigli abducts the brother from his mental hospital and holds him hostage in his apartment .
1	after being away from the capital , he comes back with his wife and kids to continue with his crimes .
1	handsome , charming and undeniably self-absorbed , he treats her more like a nanny than a harvard law grad and can barely choose a tie without her help .
1	desperate for a grandchild , she's eager to see him married and spends much of her time planning introductions to suitable chinese girls for daniel .
1	the film provides the viewer with a close-up biographical look at the lives of the enforcers of this penalty and of their personal fates .
1	eventually , crane teamed up with video technician john carpenter to document his exploits , an association that may very well have led to his murder in a scottsdale , arizona motel room in 1978 , which remains officially unsolved to this day .
1	instead of being the happy father-in-law , shocked jack attempts to kill himself back in las vegas as he realizes patricia's rejection .
1	flanery nonetheless proceeds to arrest them with a gun filled with blanks when he next sees them .
1	the protagonist , sally amonte , is still mourning the loss of her deceased husband and though she is young and beautiful , has resigned herself to working in the textile mill , caring for her elderly mother , and worrying about her rebellious teenage daughter .
1	a little girl's search for her biological mother who had abandoned her as a new born baby is brought out poignantly in 'kannathil muthamittal' .
1	dizzy then gets noticed by the head cheerleader , danielle , and helps the school football team gain self-respect to win games .
1	the films stars roark critchlow ( days of our lives , friends , mr . deeds ) as the would be husband who has to come clean about a few things from his past and risk losing the love of his life .
1	the story follows a best-selling female advice author ( zellweger ) who has all the answers until a sly journalist playboy ( mcgregor ) starts asking the questions .
1	rhinoceros eyes " is a darkly humorous coming-of-age tale about chep ( michael pitt ) a reclusive young man , who gets comfort from the movies and his vivid imagination .
1	capitalizing on his fame as the star of " hogan's heroes , " bob crane ( greg kinnear ) dove into the freewheeling spirit of the 60s and 70s with relish , having affairs with numerous women .
1	now in do&#241 ; a gracia's care , the buddies could not believe their dream has finally come true .
1	it is the first time ever that he leaves the desolate village in the balkan mountains .
1	including finding the anti-christ , who is now a 11-year-old boy .
1	a very proactive enviromental story about the power of the world , and how it must change .
1	a story about a troubled genius who attempts to build a magnetic engine in hopes of greatly reducing the worlds consumption of fossil fuels and electricity .
1	the scientist is sentenced to jail by the grand council of the galactic federation .
1	we are taken on this journey through the voice and body of mnemosyne , mother of memory .
1	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) .
1	with the help of a sexy and elusive young woman named bad girl ( king ) , they come together to do battle with the kung fu master who'll stop at nothing to get the scroll .
1	she is married to henry bauford ( linus roache ) son of a wealthy british industrialist , when she encounters nick callahan ( clive owen ) a renegade doctor , whose impassioned plea for help to support his relief efforts in war-torn africa moves her deeply .
1	the film is to be produced by jules , melina's husband .
1	guy mann has been cursed since birth with blue skin .
1	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth .
1	in this movie , steven seagal and ja rule get put in the " new alcatraz " apparently because ja rule kills a cop .
1	but what if it's lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ?
1	but while no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime , everybody seems to know a guy who will - and for a share , they're willing to track him down .
1	after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash .
1	the tale of ancanar is an original fantasy story inspired by the author j . r . r . tolkien .
1	one day , lilja falls in love with andrej .
1	once in ghana , otte is called before the chief's council to explain what happened .
1	but despite his looks of francis , he indeed is henry ( timothy bottoms ) , a man with a much better character than patricia ever could have dreamt of .
1	now , johnny and lena ( wayne's girlfriend ) are asked to make the ultimate baby product , called mighty baby .
1	amerika and zed are upset that kyle is spending more time with trasha than with them .
1	together , they work through their mutual mistrust and their shared grief over the death of carlos' mother rosario .
1	when a stranger stumbles in to their camp disoriented mumbling things about lights in the sky the four friends put in a struggle with a psychotic army colonel and a being that has taken control of one of their minds .
1	the plot revolves around a young married woman whose mundane life takes a turn for the worse when she strikes up a passionate and illicit affair with an oddball discount-store stock boy who thinks he's holden caulfield .
1	things turn dark as racism , paranoia , and the mistress come into play .
1	young cop kong yat hong ( karen mok ) and her partner mark are put on the case .
1	but there is a political dilemma : if someone is arrested before he commits a murder , can the person be accused of the murder , which - because of the arrest - never took place ?
1	incredibly , dionysus' unarmed women defeat pentheus' formidable royal army .
1	when the head of the order dies , alex is sent to rome to investigate mysterious circumstances surrounding the death .
1	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead .
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind .
1	a seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution .
1	sleepwalking tells the story of three friends at three very different stages of their lives .
1	when she decides to cancel her only holiday with tor and go on a self-development course with per instead , the passive bystander tor realises he's going to have to stand up and be a man .
1	the action of the story derives from the collision of these two competing worlds .
1	as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are .
1	when investigative reporter , chase somete and her team are on a trail of uncovering this organized fight ring , suk is torn between protecting the only family he knows , and defending the person who can bring him down .
1	the narration then examines the nation's colonial history , beginning with the first german missionary in 1901 , the establishment of schools , french occupation following world war i , the paucity of books written by and published by cameroonians , and the repression of the cpu , a leftist organization of the 1950s and 1960s .
1	on the day a young photographer is moving out of his place to live with his girlfriend , he meets the stunning girl moving in and falls in love with her at first sight .
1	then one night she surprises her husband frank ( dennis quaid ) having sex with another man , and her tidy world starts spinning out of control .
1	daphne , a free-spirited american 19-year-old ( amanda bynes ) raised by her equally free-spirited mother goes to england to establish a relationship with her father ( colin firth ) , who turns out to be a prominent political figure heavily involved in social customs .
1	an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs .
1	when a ship sinks off the coast of argentina , ellen brachman , a clever and ambitious claims assessor for the rotterdam marine-insurance company european hayward , suspects a 'sinker' .
1	these two stories are simultaneously linked to the work and life of virginia woolf , who's writing the novel mentioned before .
1	the story unveils three high school seniors who dress and live by the philosophy of " goth , " good friends and great rebels : digger , noisy , and dvd .
1	but events spiral out of control , and before the summer ends she will experience frustrated desire , first love , and a broken heart .
1	unfortunately , the evil tall man ( angus scrimm ) controls that area .
1	trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . .
1	unfortunately , her plan goes wrong , and she actually kills herself .
1	not one to be left behind , munnabhai also follows them and all beans are spilled when the doctor comes to know about raja and komal's affair and munnabhai's intentions .
1	but paul's dream job turns into a nightmare of sex for hire , drugs and violence .
1	extremes of intimacy and spectacle , tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music , giving rise to a unique , artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world .
1	with the help of the sulty nina , sitting alone in the center of the restaurant , simone gets caught up in the flirting , fighting and food and discovers that sometimes , the best things may not be on the menu .
1	but instead of broadway or movies , her appearances have been limited to industrials and infomercials .
1	the five main characters are 20-year-olds who are close friends and always hang out together at each others' homes and at their favorite coffeehouse .
1	jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink .
1	with this power , jesse start the search of god , fueled by anger about the world we live in .
1	marisa ventura ( lopez ) is a single mother born and bred in the boroughs of new york city , who works as a maid in a first-class manhattan hotel .
1	the deeper matt runs into the forest the farther his mind is lost to the blackwoods .
1	just to add more complication to this already complicated plot , two thieves decide to steal the case and lead a miami police team and two fbi agents on a wild goose chase that ends inside the airport terminal .
1	with only a few weapons and time running out , they take shelter in an ancient house , inside which they will uncover the secrets of the " house of the dead . "
1	well , bruce nolan , played by jim carrey , gets that chance after he freaks out on live tv , is fired and is offered a new job by an unknown place .
1	suffering from recurring memory loss , graham is restricted to a limited short-term memory .
1	after another drunken night they are soon parted from all their accumulated cash .
1	he returns with his wife , mercedes , an argentinean he met in spain , and his two adolescent children , mateo and cayetana , born in the same country and forced into a land they know only throught the biased tales of their parents .
1	nicklas passes out , and the next day when he returns to school he notices that nobody seems to notice him .
1	an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children .
1	when the popular , restless landon carter is forced to participate in the school drama production he falls in love with jamie sullivan , the daughter of the town's minister .
1	in a fantasy life she lives through her sketchbook , laura's world is exotic , bright and enchanting .
1	learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition .
1	but before he can get to him she sets out with her father to south africa .
1	when he wakes up the morning after his bachelor party in bed with a strange woman ( stiles ) , a man ( lee ) presumes he must have cheated on his fiancee .
1	ultimately , quinn rescues tasha from the hands of another assassin and takes her into his protection .
1	god responds to his challenge and allows bruce to take on his powers to prove himself .
1	back in france , werner recovers a taste for life and adrien returns to his solitary lifestyle .
1	the story line follows how making the film transforms the life of an 18-year-old man hired as a driver on the production .
1	shahrul is a mechanic who also takes part in illegal bike racing .
1	the military team must shut down the computer and get out , fighting their way past zombies , mutants , and the computer itself , before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world .
1	a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another .
1	chan in turn , has a job donning exotic costumes as a cyber papel doll for a porn website and a sex-worker lover who has a son and a separate husband on the mainland .
1	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache !
1	the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town .
1	a shy aristocratic english woman falls in love with a dashing younger artist and then rejects him fearing what society may think .
1	slim , otis , frank and alex ( three boys and a girl ) form a group of snowboard and skate young bank robbers .
1	after battling an attack by robbers with her amazing martial arts skills , she tells yan her family's history .
1	meanwhile , more people end up dead . . .
1	facing death of his friends , major korenev decides to re-install law and order using some unorthodox methods that are only relevant in 21st century russia .
1	she falls in love with a successful magician , whose life she has destroyed just by doing her job .
1	whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line .
1	michael , sr . and michael , jr . then set out to get revenge on the man who killed peter and mrs . sullivan .
1	rupi who is totally devoted to kanna does try to convince ghisu .
1	blade , whistler ( yes , he's back ) and an armory expert named scud are curiously summoned by the shadow council .
1	a hitler youth is apprentice painter engaged in the production of tank decoys ; a chinese red guard ballet dancer confronts the communist hierarchical order through her dance ; a ny film maker uses the symbol of freedom to sell her publicity ; three stories . . .
1	the film includes victim discussion therapy sessions , phone councilling , conversations between police and abusers , arrests , debates and discussion between the workers at the refuge , trying to decide what should be done about certain cases .
1	a turkish fortune-teller predicts that the girl will convalesce if somebody sacrifices his life for her .
1	jimmy tong ( chan ) is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire clark devlin ( isaacs ) , until devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital .
1	high powered lawyer claire kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband , who she thought was tom kubik , is arrested and is revealed to be ron chapman .
1	josch now has to convince t&#252 ; rlich about the evil intentions of dump fast , only has there just been quite a fight between the two lifelong friends .
1	in the outback and through the bush with his wife terri's ever-present commentary ringing out over the countryside ( " that was a close one , steve ! " ) , the crocodile hunter is out to save the gorgeous croc and relocate him .
1	set in 1986 when best friends harry ( olsen ) and lloyd ( richardson ) were teenagers , this is the madcap comic tale of their attempt to get out of the " special needs " department and into regular high school life .
1	and then the teenage kim arrives out of the blue looking for shelter and work - but what is she trying to hide ?
1	ruby acts out these scenes in real life with the men and shares her spoils with her sisters .
1	colt seeks the repair of a femininity damaged by an earlier incest .
1	max is surrounded by treachery and can trust no one , including natalie , the dangerously beautiful cia agent assigned to watch over him .
1	the soviet union has collapsed and armenia is on the verge of her independence .
1	however , they must ge the migt baby product done before they can settle their personal affairs .
1	isabel intends for her family to go to istanbul , the only place where jews can live freely , but clara is reluctant to leave .
1	not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy .
1	three friends trace their relationships with each other and learn about themselves in the process .
1	a ruined , jeckyll and hyde man he may be , but a ruined man may prove to be a heroic one when a villain emerges , and close . . .
1	into this mix is thrown jed , jackson's hunky cousin , which leads jackson to seriously contemplate the technicalities of incest .
1	j&#243 ; hann is a 30 year old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside world following the death of his father .
1	he was arrested for dealing drugs , he spent five years in jail and was banned from france for two years .
1	on earth , a scientist struggling with writing the definitive paper on the scientific concept fails to notice more obvious issues in his personal life .
1	with a single clue to their whereabouts and nothing to lose , he leaves to find 'his people' .
1	and the moment they touch each other for a first time , the fortune-teller's prophesy comes true .
1	crime can most certainly pay , if you " know wot i mean ? "
1	unfortunatly fate was not on his side because problems on location caused the film to go bankrupt within 12 days of shooting .
1	after their relationship falters , shane begins to think he might be unlucky and turns to gambling as an outlet for his obsession .
1	stephen stalls his interrogators with stories of his affair with toni , while she risks her freedom by seducing an employee in the d . a . 's
1	as the man descends in to the afterworld , he slowly discovers the answer to the ultimate question of mankind .
1	the issue at hand is animal testing , which elle becomes concerned about when the parents of her dog can't attend the pet's wedding because of it .
1	amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito .
1	only nurse bloom knows the spells to ensure that the child will see benevolent spirits , not evil ones , but she hasn't bargained for lena's mother , who scoffs at 'old time ideas' and discreetly disposes of the special tea the nurse has brewed .
1	on the road to lake tahoe , a stressed out young executive meets a woman who forever changes his life .
1	when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) .
1	in the burial society , sheldon kasner , an unlikely criminal who works as a bank loan manager , infiltrates the mysterious world of the chevrah kadisha ( the jewish society that prepares bodies for burial according to ancient ritual ) in order to steal a body and fake his own death after mobsters come after him looking for two million dollars that he is accused of having stolen .
1	the discoveries made by bob cornuke and larry williams will shock the world and rewrite history .
1	when a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island , however , the tables suddenly turn . . .
1	nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby .
1	it just might all be bearable , somehow possible to live through , if it weren't for those damned 'monsters' that keep trying to kill him .
1	on the way back from the bargain , mary nearly runs over a caped , winged figure , jerks the wheel and skids into the sidewalk .
1	hollywood comedian/actor pauly shore loses everything : his house , nobody in hollywood wants to represent him , he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at the comedy store .
1	they don't realize until it is too late that the party they are having is , in fact , a wake .
1	zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs .
1	this is the true story of molly craig , a young black australian girl who leads her younger sister and cousin in an escape from an official government camp , set up as part of an official government policy to train them as domestic workers and integrate them into white society .
1	in an alternate space and time , a mythological being called the guardian is charged with manipulating and protecting dark matter .
1	during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria .
1	albert is goaded by the other prisoners in the cells around him into telling the story ( in flashbacks ) of what happened when he encountered prisoner mark david chapman , the man who killed john lennon .
1	a young idealistic priest in northern ireland has his faith put to the test when he is faced with the ultimate moral dilemma .
1	when john klein , a washington post journalist , and his wife mary finally find the house of their dreams , they just can't believe their luck .
1	but for one celebrant this holy week is different .
1	lead by billy clemens , the gang includes maggie and virginia caulder , two beautiful sisters who have a penchant for disguise as well as gun handling .
1	she's desperately on the prowl for a man , but since she's more mouse than cat , she get's herself into scrape after scrape in her screwball pursuit of love .
1	he's sixteen and lives with his younger sister , mother cheryl and her boyfriend john , in a modest house in bakersfield , california .
1	but when he inadvertently saves the bulletproof monk from capture , the two become partners in a scheme to save the world from the scroll's most avid pursuer .
1	bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke .
1	a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die .
1	suddenly , going to church becomes much more appealing .
1	set from his college student years , to his first victims , his capture , escape from prison ( twice ) , his final killing spree to his trial , conviction and execution .
1	but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact .
1	they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive .
1	a documentary of the true story of two american adventurers who follow mysterious clues to find the true mt .
1	instead he hides out in a cave on goose creek , waging guerilla warfare against expansionism and the destruction of historic property with the help of his family , friends , and neighbors . . .
1	everyone thinks that it's him that has opened the chamber of secrets because that is what slytherin was famous for .
1	in the end , they confront an unparalleled horror , with the fate of the world in the balance .
1	but again , her guardian angel reactivates her will to live .
1	the story is set in a place called attic town , where the great syndicate robs and kills anyone who stands in their way .
1	this may be the last chance that these stories may be documented , for unlike film and television , live theatre exists only in the memories of those who were there watching , or more importantly , creating this magic .
1	using this violence as a springboard , bret begins a new game , a game where only he knows the rules .
1	as of then , bettien became a " pentita " and now is a guest of the " witness protection program " .
1	is the history of two workers of the trains , a professor and a little child that decide to sequester an old train that has been sold to usa for a movie production .
1	however , boey and wayne get closer and johnny ( who had broken up with samantha ) falls for his new secretart , the paranoid sabrina .
1	just like any other elevator in any old building .
1	the situation brews to a head when a sneak collector , conan ( masterson ) discovers a large collection of perfectly-preserved classic comics , leading the two shops to vie to acquire them , along with a " villain " ( elwes ) who hopes to steal them first .
1	the film was shot on location at various firehouses in manhattan , queens and brooklyn .
1	the correspondence between spielrein , freud and jung discovered that day in the geneva basement has become essential to understanding the evolution of psychoanalysis ^&#214 ; and the virtually insurmountable challenges facing women who sought to contribute in any role other than that of patient .
1	soon , disease spread , robbing people's abilities to speak ; the endless rain killing all other forms of communication with its acidic torrent .
1	the all night quirky journey and encounters with memorable characters , ultimately provides them with the key to the lives they've been meaning to live come daybreak .
1	" it's amazing how one small thing can set off such an interesting chain of events . "
1	add to the mix a sob sister , roxie's hapless husband amos , and a warm prison matron who watches out for her girls ( if there's something in it for her ) , and you have chicago .
1	katherine releases all her other clients in order to manage exclusively only her most promising talent .
1	assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of a promising young rap act , the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions .
1	the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation .
1	besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world .
1	although rampant unemployment , alcoholism and domestic violence are the norm for many reservation inhabitants , rudy has largely escaped this cycle of despair .
1	in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's .
1	he has no idea how he has journeyed the 400 miles in less than two hours .
1	but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money .
1	zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device , and he and his quick-witted , beautiful new friend , francesca , have some real fun .
1	the story is set against a relationship that forms between a runaway american teenage boy and a brazilian teenage girl who meet in the drug and gang controlled slums of rio de janeiro .
1	they come to get afang &#38 ; xiang , because they were once involved in a war , and they have to testifie .
1	their brother was killed by a drug overdose a few years earlier and the gang is determined to keep drugs off their block .
1	all or nothing is set on a london working-class housing estate over a long weekend , and also tells the stories of a range of phil and penny's neighbors , some of whom become involved in the family's lives , and all of whom experience an emotional journey .
1	on the train home from chauncey academy for the thanksgiving weekend , oscar confides in his best friend that he has plans for this vacation--he will win the heart of his true love .
1	claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer .
1	in this darkly comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress .
1	while philippa does not want to elude the justice she deserves for the four innocent deaths , filippo discovers he fell in love with the beautiful woman .
1	she's saving herself for her very shallow boyfriend , victor johnson ( kip pardue ) , who's left the states to backpack across europe .
1	" it's said that only love can save them from disgrace , but that's crap .
1	mayhem and comedy explode as several members find price attractive while price struggles for his sanity .
1	since the shoe is his , kumin is then declared the " mr .
1	he and joey have been painfully estranged ever since vincent divorced his wife and left the decaying boardwalks of long beach , long island for the anonymity of manhattan and a successful career with the nypd .
1	but with their lives and careers on the brink of devastation , bret's teammates and family realize that they have to take baseball - and life - back from bret packard , once and for all .
1	upon arrival , josch and t&#252 ; rlich find ischgl to be a center for apr&#232 ; s ski parties , and drink hard to blend in .
1	the human stain is the story of coleman silk ( hopkins ) , a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small new england town .
1	little ella's birthright is the gift - and curse - of obedience .
1	when stevie meets neil on the day he comes to deliver her brand new kitchen , it's already too late for love at first sight .
1	but the day he does , he pulls one last detention duty with the toughest kids in the school .
1	some trouble of a serrious nature is the hysterical tale of the last day of world war 2 , one unfortunate chance vought f4u corsair fighter plane , and the hillbillies' who are determined to fly it .
1	<p class= " plotpar " >for close to 20 years <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20john " >john
1	regardless , he promises to watch over his little brother as their parents head off to a party for the night .
1	will rachel be able to protect harper and prove who has really been planting the bombs ?
1	her unsolicited yet intriguing input begins to inadvertently influence alex and his story and soon real life begins to imitate art .
1	but he's found a way to allow him to escape .
1	but even more important than that , it is an emotional story of a character who learns to value relationships , life balance and spiritual purpose , over self-involvement and financial gain .
1	god appears in human form ( freeman ) and , endowing bruce with divine powers , challenges bruce to take on the big job to see if he can do it any better .
1	when boys fly pulls no punches in exposing this world - men are shown overdosing and engaging in risky behavior - but at the same time , it also shows the sense of community and vitality the parties bring to the men who attend .
1	after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it .
1	later that week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap his head around it all .
1	in the tradition of storytelling , the filmmaker creates a visual parable about the hasidic community that she left as a teenager .
1	with the police chasing him , pqd decides to go to s&#227 ; o paulo to see cac&#225 ; and prove his innocence .
1	the film focuses on christopher hitchens' charges against henry kissinger as a war criminal - allegations documented in hitchens' book of the same title - based on his role in countries such as cambodia , chile , and indonesia .
1	is the albino stalking her or watching over her ?
1	supreme chancellor palpatine moves for a vote for a republic army to protect the republic , as there has not been a full-scale war since the formation of the republic .
1	in the near future a young biker leaves his crumbling life in rural ireland to join a strange 'metal circus' as it tours the cities of europe .
1	always excitable and volatile , jie becomes reckless and dangerous when he has the gun in his hand .
1	these blow up another ship with jews , deports and jails the atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to far-off mauritius islands for 5 years in jail : until the end of the war .
1	landon ( west ) hung with the in-crowd an aimless , moody , reckless guy who breezed through school on looks and bravado and had no plans , no future and no faith in himself .
1	faced with endless dead-end gigs and his own loss of passion for the music he once thought was his life , he finds himself returning home to the three generations of women that he left behind .
1	heart problems force boston cop pally lamarr to retire ; he's in a funk and his wife charlotte sends him packing .
1	immigrant worker tobias horvath gets up at 5 : 00 a . m . , washes , shaves , has some breakfast , and runs to the main square .
1	with the help of his roommate , joe and his roommate's girlfriend , bess , peter begins to explore more about himself and his values only to be crushed by those who love him .
1	they're visiting regularly , some of them even daily , to see the movies of their youth .
1	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project .
1	can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ?
1	a few months later , both parties realize their mistake and find out that 'getting back what you had' is not so easy .
1	this is a film version of the play they wrote based on more than 200 interviews they conducted in laramie .
1	his old friends and family members have changed , almost beyond recognition .
1	one is little miss perfect , one is an engaged prom queen , and the other is a pregnant outcast .
1	lando , frustrated with isabel's conservatism and idealism , turns his attention to clara , which irked isabel .
1	then , grace lets us in on the secret of their marriage , and how she is able to keep communication front and center in their relationship .
1	in the months that followed , he gave dozens of talks on four continents , conducted scores of interviews , and wrote a book 9-11 that was published in 22 countries and became a surprise bestseller in many of them , including japan .
1	figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ .
1	the story begins with the discovery that otte's visa is being withheld by the ghana embassy in holland due to a controversy in the press .
1	but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ?
1	with some encouragement from tom ( paul bettany ) , the self-appointed town spokesman , the little community agrees to hide her and in return , grace agrees to work for them .
1	but peter is reclusive and awkward when he doesn't have his camera in between himself and his subjects .
1	in a world besieged by world war ii , wendy , now grown up , tries to give her own children hope by telling them of her magical experiences with peter pan in never land .
1	it's up to an undercover fbi agent to stop him before it's too late .
1	his best friend , nick , tries his best to help charlie out .
1	the best laid plans of hung-over boys meet a florist with a cricket bat in this morning after adventure resulting in an unexpected outcome for all .
1	in return , a million dollars in cash each .
1	a weaving trail of twists and turns that left people unsettled for two generations until investigative persistence aided by modern technology brings justice for a young mother and her family some 28 years later .
1	she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past .
1	leaving her successful career and las vegas forever in order to build her family in a healthy environment was since long prevented by katherine hiller ( barbara carrera ) , her discoverer and business manager .
1	a young woman ( thandie newton ) in paris is about to divorce her husband when she discovers . . .
1	however , price discovers a life lesson he never thought possible in the mistaken identity comedy from raw dawg films .
1	silicon valley 1999 : a new gold rush is sweeping through california .
1	as the years pass by , the aged patricia gets a visit by . . . francis .
1	arriving in the us with a phony passport , she was imprisoned by the ins for one year while her asylum case was being tried .
1	thomas narrowly escapes when his brother sean finds a wishbone , and suggests that they make a wish .
1	even though many at the time believed it was a violation of their civil rights to privacy .
1	in which property of drug kingpin &#38 ; porn groupie adel gharid nasrallah aka eddie nash were taken .
1	yanks tanks is a first look at the phenomenon of classic american cars in cuba .
1	when blake is initiated , he agrees to abide by the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never leave unless the master casts you out .
1	they continue with all the same characteristics trademarks of the shin-hyun serial killings .
1	then she buys a bar of chocolate from the neighborhood store . . .
1	called " an elegant documentary " by sundance and " eloquent and deeply moving " by the la times , toyo miyatake : infinite shades of gray is a penetrating portrait of this photographer's search for truth and beauty in a world of impermanence .
1	ricki ( jennifer lopez ) , a gorgeous , free-spirited female gangster is sent to assist gigli with the kidnapping because his boss does not think that gigli is up to the job .
1	sent from the city to investigate the murder of a teenage girl in a small alaska town , a police detective ( pacino ) accidentally shoots his own partner while trying to apprehend a suspect .
1	it is not long before the doctor realizes that his underworld patient is in love with his own sister , so he decides to take her to malaysia and get her married off .
1	jim finally proposes to michelle , and both families gather for their upcoming wedding .
1	as an adult , bruce has repressed all memories of his parents do to some horrible event that occured when he was 4 . bruce krensler ( as he uses his adoptive parent's name ) is working in the same field as his father when a freak lab accident triggers the dormant dna in his body .
1	a senior at an elite college ( katie holmes ) , already under severe pressure to complete her thesis and land a prestigious job , must confront the sudden reappearance of her old boyfriend ( charlie hunnam ) , after his two year , unexplained absence . . .
1	he becomes the man he always should have ( and could have ) been .
1	mary goes to live with her beautician cousin in a crowded apartment , and begins to lose heart .
1	in exchange for commuted sentences , they are sent on a covert mission to cuba in order to rescue a jailed female political prisoner on the island .
1	clayton is then given a special assignment , to root out a suspected mole that has infiltrated the agency .
1	everyone is wishing for a miracle to happen this summer .
1	his religious devotion to the work is challenged however , when his best friend and personal mentor is run down by an irate motorist and knocked into a deep coma .
1	it will be an act of violence that thrusts the girl into womanhood and leads her to a new life where , not without pain , everything is possible .
1	retired fbi profiler terry mccaleb ( eastwood ) , who has recently had a heart transplant , is hired by graciela rivers ( de jesus ) , to investigate the death of her sister , gloria , who happens to have given mccaleb his heart .
1	bret packard is the best baseball player in the world .
1	as the girls begin to bond , laura gradually begins to find herself abandoning the safety of the fantasy and falling into her first real friendship .
1	in india , with ben's help , the couple intends to retrieve their ailing sick daughter , who is stuck in a buddhist monastery in a far off and remote village .
1	an aging yakuza returns to the park where he used to meet his long-lost girlfriend .
1	but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one .
1	but for the shell-shocked crew , trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces , this is about to become a journey into the sensory delusions , mental deceptions and runaway fear that lurk just below the surface of the ocean and deep inside the human psyche .
1	chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines .
1	when zidanes refuses , christin decides to fake a suicide attempt , hoping budcasso will take pity on her .
1	this spider-woman , secretly connected to the mob , has jealously controlled patricia's life as well as the one of her husband , casino owner francis hiller ( timothy bottoms ) .
1	later he is catering at a party featuring a wise old guru , who gets drunk and passes out .
1	a group of kids are driving to new mexico to get drugs when their car breaks down in front of a slaughterhouse where a family of cannibals live .
1	lead of the group is arrogant bruce banner , mainly complimented by compassionate betty ross .
1	divan follows the filmmaker's effort to retrieve a turn-of-the-century family heir loom - a couch .
1	nothing works until jonathan falls for cammie giles , the ward activities director .
1	with a shower like this , what could go wrong with the wedding ?
1	a woman who again is able to let love into her heart .
1	everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life .
1	boon hock comes from a low-income family and needs to balance school and helping out at the food stall .
1	while on vacation in italy , frances mayes ( lane ) buys a villa in the tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew .
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power .
1	living hermit-like and existing on a strict alcohol diet , mudd's world has collapsed .
1	it is as if he has suddenly discovered his love of fatherhood .
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined into each other and the lives of the four friends are eopardized as one falls victim to society's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise .
1	if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world .
1	though each with their distinctive story , all three are interwoven with the other .
1	they try real deal get rich quick schemes but nothing pans out .
1	on their last night of high school life , six best friends vow to spend their spring break together .
1	a film within a film , this is a contemporary story of the making of a historical epic about the armenian holocaust between 1915 and 1918 .
1	soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact--and about her own .
1	documentary about brazil's best surfers , doing their thing on the best beaches around the world , located in hawaii , indonesia , brazil , south africa and california .
1	jim , stifler and finch return in the last american pie movie .
1	he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel .
1	the true story about robyn davidson who tamed four wild camels and with her dog , trekked from alice springs to the indian ocean , a trip no-one had ever made .
1	we weave in and out of eight defective lives and go for a turbulent mental ride where lilli's reality spirals out of control and we're lead to an unforgettable climax where some fall apart and some piece themselves together .
1	shane bradley , who is fixated on ideas of luck and destiny , tries to win the girl of his dreams .
1	a lowly thug , gigli ( ben affleck ) , is assigned to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save his mobster boss from incarceration .
1	when two african american pilots become the first non-white soldiers in the camp , one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant .
1	she's a brilliant lawyer with a sharp , strategic mind .
1	postponing his desire to play basketball on the school team , steve finds an after-school job to support himself and pursues a relationship with the affluent but unhappy sally ( arielle paul ) .
1	and while bruce is getting everything he wants , he has been ignoring his girlfriend , grace and loses her .
1	aliens appear at the un and invite earth to join the galactic federation , there is a catch though , earth has one year to send a team of it's best fighters to represent the palnet in an unarmed combat tournament .
1	the film follows 17-year-old cassandra mortmain ( romola garai ) , and the fortunes of her eccentric family , struggling to survive in a decaying english castle .
1	everyday prisoners are led out in chain gangs to work the swamps and untamed bayous , festered with poisonous snakes and alligators .
1	it is said that when the devil wishes to take a mortal soul , he'll walk the earth in the guise of a child for they are pure of heart .
1	context is provided by those who protested against segregation and the limited franchise earlier in bermuda by authoring a " secret document " that analysed the social problems of the island .
1	two brothers inherit an old , broken down carousel on an abandoned boardwalk in new jersey .
1	'the nugget' is a tale about a group of three roadworkers who stumble upon the world's biggest nugget , and become instant millionaires - or so they think .
1	until then , he spends most of his time watching sloppy tearjerkers on video .
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret .
1	" it's like those monster vampire high school kind of movies , only here the monsters are jesus-freak teenagers , " says michael stipe , the former r . e . m .
1	everything goes wrong when they try to rob a bank , though they meet mille , who puts them onto a new trail , and peter and martin also make a contribution .
1	the young man looks for comfort in his father , but he's to occupied with winning the eurovision song contest .
1	but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals .
1	max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions .
1	ultimately , it is harold who timidly suggests participating in the upcoming duct tape festival in minneapolis-st .
1	a squad of british soldiers on training in the lonesome scottish wilderness find a wounded special forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team .
1	later on , when frode is safely tucked in bed , something is stirring in the closet , because that little monster puppet is no ordinary puppet .
1	this unlikely pairing proves the rule that in love , there are no rules and the couple meet and fall deeply in love at first sight .
1	sharing the clink with velma , are a collection of other sly females , all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners .
1	now a new terminaor whos has power over all machines , has been sent back to kill him , the terminatrix or t-x ( kristanna loken ) who doesn't require weapons as she has a laser cannon on her hand and is capable of turning herself into machinery .
1	as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man .
1	set in a future britain , this black comedy revolves around one day in the life of a drug dealer .
1	when the king meets the god in a face-to-face confrontation , the result takes on a horrible logic all its own .
1	he comes to the terrible realization that he has never held his mothers right hand .
1	believing that he is the " world's greatest swordsman , " juan antonio merrily accepts the challenge until he learns that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords .
1	john " eagle eye " pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle .
1	a renowned plastic surgeon with a serious gambling problem owes a huge sum of money to the mafia .
1	briar patch is a modern , southern gothic tale of true love and murder .
1	in spite of his incarceration , west has been continuing his re-animation research , using rats and mice for subjects , and electrocuting them with a special jerry-rigged apparatus .
1	kung pow : enter the fist is a movie within a movie , created to spoof the martial arts genre .
1	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known .
1	he has become an inconvenient obstacle to his work-a-holic son , and lost all remaining freedoms , except the valued time he spends with his grandson .
1	guy hopes that when he finds his blue family , they will have a cure or at least help him to cope with his dysfunction .
1	skagerrak is the story of being hit by happiness when you least expect it .
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; .
1	leoncio's son robert and daughter marites disapprove of their father's single-handed decision , leading to a conflict that causes the old man's fatal heart attack .
1	while introducing his film mockery , he receives a phone call from his producer lying in intensive care at a hospital .
1	the film focuses on fatal ( nora zimmett ) , a former heroin addict who , having embraced this dark lifestyle , decides to leave her " family " and break free from the goth world with the help of her college tutor tom ( jeff marchelletta ) .
1	however , when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter ( steven berkoff ) to death , they are forced to look for 'work' elsewhere .
1	yet , the fellowship is broken and boromir is dead .
1	the rich woman seeks the help of her lawyers to find her lost grandson cary and eventually finds him living in a deprived area with cass .
1	while fighting to save themselves , they must prevent petrov from getting a stolen computer chip containing the international banking codes for the new euro .
1	amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work .
1	but when sy begins spying on the yorkins , he begins to feel that he wants to be in the yorkin's life .
1	will these four be able to move on with their lives and accept the fact that it's time to start acting their age ?
1	now , after five years of calling the shots-on everything from his clothes to his divorce settlements - lucy kelson is calling it quits .
1	gradually , will and marcus become friends , and as will teaches marcus how to be a cool kid , marcus helps will to finally grow up .
1	nothing is what it seems , and no one will be the same again , as the truth begins to surface in very dangerous circumstances .
1	shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil .
1	the story is about a woman who works in some sort of facility and one night while she is on late shift the computers go crazy because they have been possesed by a spirit .
1	with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . .
1	before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly .
1	the film is divided into three stories , each associated with one of the three main ideologies of the 20th century : fascism , communism &#38 ; liberalism .
1	mary gilbert , head of the fbi internet investigations division , her team and her maladroit nephew are on the case .
1	john j . is a seasoned hit man sent on a job to argentina .
1	when they try to collect a debt from the boss of a rival gang , a fight erupts and jie shoots the gang-boss .
1	and even if the answer is " yes , " what then ?
1	see rare footage of some of the world's greatest kickboxers such as benny " the jet " urquidez , don " the dragon wilson and bill " superfoot " wallace .
1	chep's growing love for fran makes him willing to prowl the dark streets at night in search of items for her .
1	soon , annie's condition helps leoncio's children realize the essence of a family .
1	they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe .
1	the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images .
1	enter nick , charlie's best friend , who does his best to help the only way he knows how : distracting charlie with parties and girls .
1	a geo-political thriller where gerry anderson finds that sometimes , everybody really is out to get you .
1	the documentary follows otte from holland to ghana , where he's set to celebrate his fifth anniversary as the leader of mepe , the region of 300 , 000 people who installed him .
1	the whole time your poison thoughts were running through it !
1	the hours of life snatched from death lead them in a wild chase across romania , looking for the truth .
1	the pink house is a fast-paced , youthful comedy that has been called a sweeter , more intellectual animal house .
1	one by one , his friends are deserting his annual pilgrimage to the wisconsin state high school hockey tournament , forcing him to confront some harsh truths about his bizarre obsession .
1	they team up and live their lives in the fast lane on the run .
1	a top secret military project hires prestigious university students to assist create a cell altering machine called the 'gammasphere' .
1	she proceeds to an in-depth soul-searching that helps her discover the power of faith and steels her to put up resistance .
1	magneto , having escaped from his plastic prison , forms an unlikely alliance with professor xavier to stop stryker .
1	during janis' annual birthday outing , she and her friends board a tour bus to visit local clubs and bars .
1	the two wind up in a deserted warehouse where they witness a diamond scam in action , caught in the midst they put their differences aside to team up and detain the looters .
1	chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block .
1	but zamindar narayan mukherjee ( vijay crishna ) , devdas' father , met paro's mother sumitra's ( kiran kher ) marriage proposal with condescending arrogance .
1	she gives frode a small monster puppet , which frode throws in the closet in his bedroom .
1	a final moment of panic ensues on the street as individuals rush to save themselves .
1	forging a connection with the creature is easier for mac than getting his father's attention until both man and beast need all the help they can get .
1	but things unknowingly begin to turn sour when danielle's disgruntled boyfriend begins investigating into " gil harris' " past to uncover any dirt on him .
1	a stone building , newly restored , stands in the clear light of the autumnal equinox .
1	when the president of russia suddenly dies , a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him .
1	whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , merry and pippin make new allies in the ents , the riders of rohan and the stewards of gondor and launch an assault on isengard .
1	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home .
1	the fate of the earth depends on the tournaments outcome .
1	he stands at the window and struggles to understand why his mother will not stop smoking , even after being diagnosed with emphysema .
1	the game's mastermind has stolen his identity , put him on the fbi's most wanted list , and is blackmailing him to take a part in a real twisted plan of world destruction .
1	koishi also has a personal mission to fulfil in malaya to find the malay man who married his mother ( in other words , his father ) when she served as a japanese spy prior to the occupation .
1	but mathayus ends up getting much more than he bargained for .
1	a new t 101 unit ( arnold schwarzenegger ) is also sent back to help john .
1	the sensuous-poetic film is an appeal to dream and a hommage to the great actor klaus kinski .
1	there are two distince paths in life good vs . evil .
1	naturally , he returns to his analyst dr . ben sobel ( crystal ) for help and finds that sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice , as well as an excess stock of stress .
1	in stunning color film noir , with munich germany , as the backdrop , this is the amazing story of one man and one woman against the odds .
1	set in the summer of 1942 during wwii , the film traces the trajectory of simple people thrown into extraordinary lives , revealing the heart-warming flame of hope and humanity that endures , even in times of war and dispair .
1	however , on her second day , celia goes away leaving a 5-year-old child behind , kiki , and a note promising to be back in a couple of days .
1	nearly a decade after skynet sent back the t-1000 , john connor faces a female terminator , the t-x , with power over all machines .
1	the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways .
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block .
1	ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work .
1	on a concert tour in india , they marry at a secret and romantic ceremony without any press attention .
1	mark , fresh from college , returns to his boring hometown to work off his gambling debts .
1	but when charlie sees mallory with her new boyfriend , curtis , charlie realizes he's been replaced .
1	arthur herk , a corrupt business owner , wants to get his hands on the case .
1	well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom ella falls in love with .
1	a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government .
1	keith winds up on the phone with a popular radio psychiatrist ( kevin pollak ) who guides keith through what he cannot see on his own .
1	lucy is a wannabe writer who hides behind a dead end job in her hometown .
1	these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape .
1	emma's a succesful sale agent for a home security company , due in part to being the police chief's daughter .
1	there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before .
1	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer .
1	their relationship has seen better days and jessica acquiring a clapped-out 1984 skoda doesn't make things easier .
1	discovering the hard way that their involved in witchcraft .
1	tonight at hamilton high , the lesson is survival .
1	the more dreams max has , the closer the fbi are in tracking down the kidnapper , but also as the case continues max discoveres the lies , corruption , and deceit of the government .
1	" sumo east and west " is a feature documentary about americans in the ancient japanese sport of sumo wrestling .
1	as laughable is his vanity fair interview , incriminating of " the gay mafia " for his fall , " my dinner with ovitz " is even funnier as it rams the actual interview headlong into coppola's " godfather . "
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months .
1	but though his tortillas are scrumptious , his enchiladas devine , isidor has never made a dime .
1	to help him complete his manuscript he hires stenographer emma .
1	one day in the life of a hit man , ronnie , who spends it trying to save the life of fellow hit man , august , who he had brought into the business three years ago .
1	driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero .
1	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria .
1	documentary-style drama showing the events that lead up to the tragic incident on january 30 , 1972 in the northern ireland town of derry when a protest march led by civil rights activist ivan cooper was fired upon by british troops , killing 13 protesters and wounding 14 more .
1	despite dire warnings from his uncle , dean is seduced by the book's knowledge .
1	he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening .
1	jedi knights obi-wan kenobi and anakin skywalker discover there is more than meets the eye behind an assassination attempt on naboo senator padm&#233 ; amidala's life .
1	akash has a soft corner for his fellow doctor neha mathur , a suave and self-assured woman who will never let her personal life get in the way of her profession .
1	at the last minute a cyber-friend arrives to join the battle .
1	when virginia visits her aunt millie at christmas , she discovers a stack of handwritten letters over half a century old , and unlocks the story of her aunt's youthful days as a young woman living in hamilton , mississippi , during the second world war .
1	a week later , jash contacts the police , asking not for a ransom but for retired police inspector mo to be his police contact .
1	built in 1926 , the mansion resides on an indian burial ground and was the site of countless hangings at the hands of north georgia law enforcement , the kkk , and anyone else col . samuel tate wanted out of the way .
1	ethan fernier is obsessed with the horror movies of b-movie director , winston korman .
1	romy dispenses orders like a drill sergeant as they scramble southwest to round up the last two surviving members of eagle's wwii , b-17 bomber crew .
1	but then nora is revealed and tactics need to be changed .
1	not all the fights , just enough to keep the audience , and the money coming back .
1	peckerhead try to brainwash all the gays into being heterosexuals . . .
1	the film " mnemosyne " is based on the ancient poem " thunder , perfect mind " , a visual journey of the human race , exploring where we have been and what we can become .
1	a publication that documents their culture and demonstrates how the real world can both destroy and enhance their idealistic one .
1	in a small southern american town , paul , who is known for having sexual relations with every girl in town , falls in love with his best friend's younger sister who is a virgin .
1	refusing at first to open up , the young man eventually breaks down and reveals a horrific childhood .
1	oblivious of all the differences of status and background , a bond that would never break grew between them .
1	out of money and out of luck ambitious sophie pressures marie into accepting a lucrative job as surrogate mother .
1	but when he discovers the lake is known as the home of a mythical creature , mac makes it his mission prove there's more to the myth than just legend .
1	all of this changes when he finds a large mysterious package left on his doorstep .
1	missing since 1962 and floating adrift , the antonia graza is not uninhabited .
1	mel cobb leads a lonely existence in an apartment filled with clutter , his only contact with the outside world being as a weekend tele-marketer for a start-up newspaper which features stories on city road , bridge and tunnel construction workers in order to alleviate road rage among motorists who are stuck in traffic .
1	but things are not always what they may look like .
1	but emile's past is sometimes more familiar and immediate than the world before his eyes .
1	they both end up experiencing more excitement than mickey could ever conjure in orlando , when they meet up with bad guys and a legendary creature .
1	making matters worse , vince is having trouble discerning reality from memory .
1	yet , beneath an upbeat appearance , she is struggling desperately with the emotional and physical scars left by the attack .
1	everything has taken a turn for the worse and kilo can't seem to stop it .
1	this comedy , based on steve martin's successful stage play concerns a fictional meeting between a young pablo picasso and a young albert einstein at a paris cafe at the turn of the 20th century .
1	believing his parent's dead , bruce is raised by adoptive parents .
1	a little girl steals from the jar , containing her poor family's meager savings .
1	urban ground squirrels is the hilarious tale of love , friendship , and experiences set against the battlefield of a modern college campus .
1	adding to the situation is a killer hurricane bearing down on the island .
1	this is the story of samantha martin aka the hottest scariest sexiest writer in the sf/fantasy biz .
1	in 1968 poland expelled the last remaining jews from what once used to be the largest jewish settlement in the world , effectively ending over thousand year long history .
1	as alex begins to dictate his tale of a romantic love triangle to the charming yet somewhat opinionated stenographer , emma challenges his ideas at every turn .
1	faced with cold , hunger and death , afghan children still try to learn , play and enjoy whatever life offers them .
1	adam miauczynski , the character known from director marek koterski's previous films , is a 44 year-old teacher , who reads poetry during school lessons and later goes home swearing and calling his neighbours' names .
1	in california , texas , and several other states , conservative politicians successfully waged legislative campaigns to outlaw and prohibit the sale , ownership or use of vibrators and dildos while simultaneously criminalizing other 'deviant' sexual practices .
1	as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities .
1	the only problem is that " the tooth fairy " is getting inside information about graham and his family from none other than dr . lecter .
1	well , there is a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his friend caitlin to not peek .
1	thousands of refugees of jewish origin crowded into shelters in vienna and bratislava in the hope of embarking in the few boats available to escape , down the danube and out to palestine , from the nazi fury .
1	america's best player is being pulled in to the ultimate cyber-terror .
1	because of being deeply moved from the sunflowers' beautiness , he takes one of them as a sign for his love back to the city .
1	the boy falls in love with a rich girl ( deeksha ) .
1	to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members .
1	against improbable odds , they race towards a thrilling , climactic confrontation on the mysterious isla de muerta .
1	the film's fly-on-the-wall technique succeeds in capturing the day-to-day existence of sister helen and the various residents of the home .
1	as the end of times approaches , an angel and a demon must team up to sort out the whole mess . . .
1	with nothing to go on but his dreams and gut instinct , vince launches into his own search for ellen . . . or is he really searching for sara ?
1	ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with trey and his gang looking for his blood .
1	the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus .
1	soon after , however , his ex loses her tv show , and comes back home , looking to reunite .
1	with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth .
1	christian taylor , a writer on hit tv series six feet under , is being profiled by a british documentary crew when he's sacked , though he doesn't know they've overheard the firing .
1	edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm .
1	but he finds an unlikely ally in sofia , beno's sultry mistress .
1	but as she comes home , she opens a mysterious door that leads her to an artificial world : the holo-deck .
1	also , anthony is black and victoria is white , which doesn't sit well with michael , anthony's best friend since childhood and a surrogate older brother .
1	when she arrives , mademoiselle c , with her never ending imagination , will accomplish a true revolution in the elementary school and especially in the group 6d .
1	six of the nations brightest spoken word artists came together in new orleans on september 2 , to begin a life transforming journey to new york city for the memorial anniversary of september 11 .
1	spanning from post world war ii during the late 1950's through the irish mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's , the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the irish mob and it's gang wars .
1	'stages' is the story of a day in the life of brad and scott , two actors who starred in a tv series twenty years ago .
1	on their way back , they drive through death valley .
1	when petty thief cosimo ( luis guzman ) is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison - the kind of job you dream about - he has to get out of jail , fast .
1	she frequently offers her hospitality to a 16-year-old prostitute , gr&#233 ; goire , a young man who became her friend .
1	he spends most of his time throwing parties and " fund raisers " .
1	standard story of a biker gang taking over a town is not saved by the presence of lou diamond phillips as the head biker or sean patrcik flanery as the avenging townsperson who takes on the gangs with the help of an old codger ( robert forster ) .
1	based on frances mayes' memoir of the same name .
1	in a letter to winston churchill , king explains their intention to invade france and fight the germans .
1	'murder by numbers' is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective , cassie mayweather ( sandra bullock ) and her new partner sam kennedy ( ben chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( ryan gosling and michael pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case .
1	she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes .
1	everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common .
1	he stays at the guesthouse without accepting any lodgers and has created his own world avoiding contact with others .
1	but her stepmother bitch was to ruin it all .
1	what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is .
1	roxie hart is a married chorus girl with hopes of being a headliner in vaudeville .
1	these four queens became germany's most popular drag performers and have been busy fertilizing the german cultural scene .
1	soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing .
1	he grew up in the lush village of taj sonapur , where he spent his childhood , indulged by his lovely playmate paro ( aishwarya ) .
1	so , he and a few friends , try to cover up his disability , without the studio executives or the producers knowing that he is directing the film blind .
1	the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor .
1	as a young writer , her fun loving , witty and kind personality represent everything that rio is not .
1	blessed encompasses the lives of four women who are inescapably involved in a brothel at the centre of the plot .
1	in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover .
1	he's got the rap , the charm and his little black book weighs several pounds .
1	eva dandridge is a very uptight young woman who constantly meddles in the affairs of her sisters and their husbands .
1	off the ramp , however , they are sexy , yet alone , in a male dominated society .
1	meanwhile , obi-wan kenobi continues to train the young jedi anakin skywalker , who fears that the jedi code will forbid his growing romance with amidala . . .
1	a year after her long time boyfriend showed up at his surprise birthday party with an uninvited date , laura hits rock bottom and decides to try her luck at a dating agency .
1	the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage .
1	the daughter is trying to get to know her unwilling mother .
1	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) .
1	to what sweet end is the story of a reunion between mary and david , who were once passionate lovers - for two weeks , thirty-five years ago and haven't seen each other since .
1	this modern-day , fantasy cinderella features fairies , ogres and elves . . . as
1	rupi is typical aggressive trible girl , wildcat like manners and irrespective of free trible culture where sex before marriage is treated as part of education , nobody proposes to her knowing her love and devotion to kanna .
1	at charlotte's insistence , pally's half-brother ray pays pally a visit and suggests he buy a race horse to cheer up .
1	fans of waiting for guffman , american movie and rushmore have found a new favorite in this hilarious mockumentary .
1	they live in a poor village in the soviet union , fantisizing about a better life .
1	" a sound of thunder " is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era .
1	before they can win some money , a local mob boss , frank finnigan , sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of tony , a local jockey and single parent .
1	nevertheless , carlos puts his artistic aspirations on hold to take over the store and care for his father .
1	five hours ago the " t virus " was " accidentally " released .
1	elsa keeps her head above water through several badly paid jobs and occasional criminal offences with her friends walter , laura and toni .
1	william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set to star in a new movie playing as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death .
1	family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals , reprisals , and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax .
1	they've all got midlife crises : clownish beav has love problems ; the intellectual shrink , henry , is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide ; pete is losing a war with beer ; jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car .
1	along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government .
1	nothing makes this woman happy , including her wealthy but passive husband ( tony ) , a pharmaceutical kingpin .
1	mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure .
1	a dark contemporary gangster drama set in chicago , shut-eye derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties .
1	but things did not work as he planned , until . . .
1	but now there is a new threat , matt addison has fully mutated into a seemingly unstoppable creature , code named nemesis , who will stop at nothing until everything around it is dead , but it also has another agenda .
1	the " easiest " ( and most dangerous ) way to get it is working for some drug-dealers .
1	a player in a famous orchestra finds sexual experiences with a russian opera singer , which he enjoys much because his wife has just left due to the fact that he has purchased a porno movie .
1	george " ice man " chambers ( rhames ) is a top ranked heavyweight boxer .
1	the results are as giddy , painful , sad and loving as real life tends to be .
1	after the short encounter , they separated and go their on ways .
1	the plot goes on with a lot of action scenes and many revelations , following the comic books .
1	but he strongly believed testing was needed for all actors &#38 ; actresses in the porn industry .
1	michael , an obessive compulsive real estate dealer who enjoys " the younger set . "
1	the film is told in flashbacks with a female reporter interviewing gale .
1	he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother .
1	years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her .
1	his appetite after the gorgeous girl wetted , he helps her out in introducing patricia to his stepdaughter katherine hiller ( carolyne ambrose ) , an artist-agent .
1	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character .
1	fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy .
1	dennis , nicknamed " spider " by his mother has been institutionalized with acute schizophrenia for some 20 years .
1	three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway .
1	jack , a lonely driver on a desert highway , runs out of gas .
1	gainey ) - would unearth a seedy world of drugs and violence , ultimately revealing a motley crew from la's underbelly including ex-con david lind ( dylan mcdermott ) , nightclub impresario eddie nash ( eric bogosian ) , the most unlikely of american heroes - porn legend john holmes ( val kilmer ) - holmes' estranged wife sharon ( lisa kudrow ) and his teenage lover dawn schiller ( kate bosworth ) . "
1	a coming of age dramatic comedy dealing with the effect that two " summers " have on the lives of several teenagers .
1	after a number of failed attempts , they finally arrive by boat and stumble across a german radar station .
1	billy marries his high school sweet heart , janet and they soon have a son .
1	george , a handsome english knight , unsettled by the horrendous bloodletting he witnessed in palestine , desires to hang up his sword and settle down to a quiet , peaceful life .
1	facing her past , culturally and emotionally , eve finds herself caught up in the independent movement of armenia , and the crisis of commitment with the man whom she falls in love .
1	2 . a cranny , hollow , or crevice , as in a rock .
1	international news media baron , rupert murdoch ( played by ben mendelsohn ) , then publisher of the adelaide " news , " became the driving force behind securing a re-trial for stuart .
1	terry , a spoilt brat is just too lazy a student .
1	in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding .
1	what he doesn't know , however , is that syd has a tragic secret .
1	this eruption of bloody violence becomes the catalyst for the unleashing of dark forces with terrifying results .
1	a man ( jason lee ) turns to a life of crime to pay for his niece's ( linda cardellini ) tuition for her first year at a prestigious university .
1	colson comes to live with them , an injection of danger in the form of a strange , silent houseguest with haunted eyes and odd habits .
1	he has already written the script but does not have the means of financing his project .
1	una works as a supermarket cashier hating her work and everybody around : the costumers , the manager , the staff .
1	his exciting and stylish life as a drug lord seems to have come to a halt .
1	ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ?
1	in 1977 , during anita bryant's crusade , an anti-gay book alan wrote years before gets published without his consent .
1	after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime .
1	so he starts to write an expose and disguises himself as a naive astronaut named zip martin .
1	the comet hale-bopp is shooting across the sky for the last time in 4000 years .
1	matsumoto and sawako were a happy couple , but meddling parents and chase for success push the boy to a tragic choice .
1	they grew up sharing a special relationship , in which they existed only to each other .
1	a voice which seems to be coming from within the walls .
1	dr . tess coleman ( jamie lee curtis ) and her fifteen-year-old daughter , anna ( lindsay lohan ) , are not getting along .
1	in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend .
1	a unique and irreverent look at new york's cubicle filled sweatshops .
1	her young son dies , her marriage to max is ruined , and her lover is in fact dangerous in his jealousy and mad rage , but no matter what the consequences - his subversive spirit lives inside her , forms her , obsesses her .
1	when the mercenaries catch up , sam , jake and the rest of their entourage find themselves in the clutches of the blood thirsty gallo .
1	although mainstream filmmakers are fond of their white saviors , most audiences of color are not .
1	engaging peter is the story of peter , a struggling documentary filmmaker who has resorted to shooting weddings for rent money .
1	this was just after the offensive against the taliban forces had started .
1	bobby quickly learns however , that smith is no regular john , and their meeting has unintended consequences that neither of them is prepared to afford .
1	the film _boogie nights_ was loosely based on his life .
1	as anakin is left behind to protect padm&#233 ; , his feelings for her grow into something more than friendship .
1	people on the site work monotonously , in a fervor , then dazed , trance-like .
1	he finds a level of comfort in his old skin , and is able to finally get some sleep .
1	another story follows the relationship between a stepfather ( neeson ) and his young stepson .
1	she ultimately decides to pursue her lifelong dream of opening her own dance studio for inner-city youths .
1	when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets .
1	this is the true story of real ira bombers during the peak of the troubles in northern ireland , 1981 .
1	this story is a heartbreaking look into the addiction of smoking and its consequences to the loved ones of the smoker .
1	there is a secret test hidden with in the sat .
1	leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ?
1	mason novel follows a british officer who resigns his post right before his regiment ships out to battle the rebels .
1	the conflict arose because selling rights to the land that is now vermont was given to both new hampshire and new york .
1	a blind girl gets a cornea transplant so that she would be able to see again .
1	the story follows mirabelle , a disenchanted salesgirl and aspiring artist who sells gloves and accessories at neiman marcus .
1	sidney is a writer who's just left her l . a . times music review gig to edit new york hip-hop magazine xxl .
1	it so happens that benigno is looking after another woman in a coma , alicia , a young ballet student .
1	he's a middle aged hermit who likes to talk and has an answer to everything .
1	after being rejected for the perfect job , the aspiring animator faces an impending interview for a receptionist position at the same firm .
1	as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone .
1	a dutch girl is getting sick of always losing her boyfriends , so when she loses her newest " gain " she decides to follow max ( her friend ) to new york where he's starting a carreer as an actor .
1	keeping her mind diligently focused on dance proves harder than she expected as she finds herself falling in love with david schrader , a dark and mysterious new york musician .
1	at the end of the 80s they went their separate ways with the exception of tim and hotte , who have remained true to their ideals and continue to fight the issues they did as a group .
1	centuries of tradition place this holy mountain in the sinai peninsula of egypt , but compelling evidence will show that this hallowed ground , where moses was told to take the shoes of his feet before the burning bush , may actually be in the barren deserts of northwestern saudi arabia .
1	real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing .
1	thought visible and seemingly accessible , every attempt to enter this island has resulted in disaster .
1	on the verge of judgement day , the most advanced terminator unit ever , the t-x , arrives from the future to ensure the rise of the machines .
1	the film follows the two teenagers after they have quit school to concentrate full time on being signed by the american major league teams .
1	unfortunately , he no longer has the 10 million won required for the hospital to perform the operation .
1	tiger shark prowls on what should be a routine rescue mission .
1	regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile .
1	soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his wife , who has been waiting for his arrival .
1	people are becoming petrified , and no-one knows what is doing it .
1	michell , after some sleuthing around , narrows down the suspects to a woman not his wife , another well known victorian poet .
1	as well , another priest in the diocese , father natalio , is suspected of assisting guerilla troops in the highlands .
1	his story explores the ramifications of leaving afghanistan and living as a refugee in america .
1	the killer is getting closer , revealing more and more of his madness .
1	they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife .
1	a love triangle forms , with rachael , the least interested and keen to leave , but clues to her mothers whereabouts appear , as do her own problems which both rafe and matt wish to help with .
1	in singapore , that means that at the age of 12 , the government has decided that they are not as academically inclined as their peers .
1	john connor ( nick stahl ) is living in the streets as a hacker .
1	these four will collide in a titanic battle to determine the fate of the world .
1	in doing so , he learns that the conventional answers of easy availability of guns , violent national history , violent entertainment and even poverty are inadequate to explain this violence when other cultures share those same factors without the equivalent carnage .
1	finally , he moved away from paro and wrote a letter to her , asking her to forget him .
1	the assasins force walter to drive their escape car .
1	'arroz con mango' is a spanish phrase which means 'what a mess ! '
1	william winslow " ( ron perlman ) , the chief psychiatrist at brookdale .
1	engine and ladder company members talk about the day of the attack , how those events have affected their lives and most importantly pay tribute to their fallen fellow firefighters .
1	in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of " operation babylift . "
1	upon one of his famous , hand-made tortillas appears the face of jesus christ .
1	seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo development for 20 years .
1	so as she tries to open the door for the last time , it just won't open . . .
1	feelings he interprets with his five senses reflect the emotions of others , not his own .
1	their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim .
1	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district .
1	if you have an uneasy tummy , this movie is not for you !
1	would anyone believe mary and joe's claim to abstinence ?
1	now , in the twilight of his life , emile shapes the final chapters of his mental autobiography .
1	nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison .
1	he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her .
1	chaos ensues as the patrons of the establishment band together to fight for their lives .
1	he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life .
1	after being handcuffed to new york city's 'a' train by his prep school friends ( keith , perabo , hayward ) , young karim ( mehta ) is forced to ride all the way to the last stop , far rockaway .
1	a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world .
1	nadine works there as a prostitute though she is married with children , hannah keeps the appointment book , christie is an actress who has been cast as a prostitute and must learn the ins and outs , and josephine is a student who is forced into it for economical reasons .
1	irene is about to experience all new ways of romance .
1	as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is .
1	the next day , cac&#225 ; is attacked by two street kids who wanted some money , and thinks pqd is somehow involved .
1	paco , a rapper and performer , indifferent to all except her career , dreams of hitting the top ten chart .
1	sands also convinces jorge ramirez ( retired-fbi , has old scores to settle with barrillo ) to come out of retirement and take out barrillo and dr . guevera ( personal dr . to barrillo , killed jorge's partner a long time ago ) , who brutally tortured and killed ramirez' fbi partner .
1	m&#225 ; rton's deft re-enactments and the actors' dramatic readings of spielrein's own words tell a chilling story , bringing to light both the work of this pioneer and the dark side of psychoanalysis .
1	bettien decided to cooperate with the police and because of her testimonies , many precious arrests were made .
1	he cannot concentrate on his job nor on his studies , being continuously mindful of his girlfriend and concubine ana's ( dolores fonzi ) whereabouts and activities .
1	she's willing to put him through just about anything to " cure " him of t . s . , with pills , counseling , electro-shock therapy , etc . mom's also concerned about finn's future - who will care for him ?
1	" funny valentine " is about learning what it takes to find true love .
1	hoping to settle , once and for all , the issue of his virginity , nick begs roger to school him in the art of seducing women .
1	lapd patrol officer trey sellars joined the force as a day job until his acting career took off .
1	intent on exacting bloody revenge on the reunited english friends murray possesses the body of a guest and turns him into a murderer .
1	a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting .
1	" some like it hot " meets " stir crazy " describes the antics of the film .
1	when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul .
1	shade is set in the world of poker hustlers working the clubs and martini bars of los angeles .
1	and having been with one woman his whole life , he loves to make silly jokes about how he , ami , steve , and claire should " swap " .
1	his two buddies , sean and tim never have trouble in that department , and they set out to help in their own way .
1	since bursting onto the music scene last year with her double platinum first album 'pie on my face' , tildy st .
1	they lie in bed but all his advances are instantly rejected by a progressively more nervous ana .
1	in new york she finds out the true nature of the experimental play he's performing in .
1	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans .
1	he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money .
1	a tropical setting : a dying man , his life a disaster of decadence and mis-spent emotion .
1	she - a person who wanted to live for ever - does however not give in .
1	when billy becomes suspicious , all hell breaks loose .
1	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works !
1	a virus has escaped in a secret facility called " the hive , " turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated lab " animals " that they were studying .
1	she arrives with every intent of selling it all off and going back to her busy career , but in going through her grandmother's belongings , she discovers much about her family's past which ultimately makes her re-evaluate her life and values .
1	two lost couples find themselves stranded for the night in an old dark house where they are set upon by the family in residence that dabbles in murder , witchcraft , and cannibalism which are just a few of the 1 , 000+ secrets buried in the field behind their house .
1	18 years ago joe ( travolta ) had a chance to make his dream come true of directing his first movie in hollywood .
1	" the motorcycle diaries " is based on the journals of che geuvara , leader of the cuban revolution .
1	what if fate intervened and hitler was forced into hiding in post-war london ?
1	lucy walks away from him , deciding to take time to make this decision for herself .
1	in the ensuing chaos , inez discovers the thorny side of true love and that finding one's soul mate is never quite what you'd expect .
1	braceface brandi chronicles the rise and fall of an overnight celebrity in a world's dumbest criminals-when good appliances go bad-busted on the job 7 kind of world .
1	puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective .
1	the story of mitchell , a ten-year-old african american who lives with his mom in a crack-infested hotel in downtown l . a . mitchell misses the school bus one day and quickly becomes the property of chris ; a suicidal drug dealer who might be losing his mind .
1	a women from holland returns to indonesia , the country of her roots .
1	paul's true romantic feelings soon surface and jenny finds things to be a little more than she can handle .
1	of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all .
1	as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi .
1	there follow three months of exhausting interrogation and isolation .
1	he sabotages evan and gets the job of anchorman .
1	cliff has always preferred to play by his own rules much to the disapproval of the regimented , elderly bowls fraternity .
1	but with cosimo stuck in the joint , it's up to his girl rosalind ( patricia clarkson ) to track down a patsy .
1	first kammy meets the 40-year-old danny ( dave wong ) and falls head over heels .
1	stir in some language barriers , cultural faux pas and a bright , young japanese female undergrad , and the intensity of the experience heightens to comical proportions .
1	while mitchell gets ready for school , his mother and her friend ( lisa ) plan a murder , business as usual .
1	this is a story about the warm relationship between a little girl and her father despite the difficult conditions they have to live in .
1	the girls plan to take on the dons instead of buckling under their threats .
1	together with john connor , it must stop the rise of the machines or all humanity will fall .
1	given their jaded and precocious sophistication , is there anything the girls can look forward to ?
1	meanwhile , assistant chief holland , the only man in the department willing to stand up to the sis , threatens to end perry's brand of singlehanded " justice " on the los angeles streets .
1	the end of innocence has already begun and a new path , dark and hopeful , stands waiting like the ships beyond her window .
1	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki .
1	no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group of six outlaws lands on their front porch .
1	but this murder investigation is drawing vincent home to long beach , the self-proclaimed city by the sea , where the past has been waiting for him to return .
1	this is peter's story ; an 18 year old boy who takes a journey through a conservative southern all-male university in order to discover himself .
1	levi , is an ex-navy man and an animal rights activist who returns home to find the war at home harder to fight than anything he's ever encountered , but what and who is he fighting for ?
1	kar is an unlikely candidate , a streetwise young man whose only interest is himself .
1	durval and celia are charmed by the child at first , but soon they see some sad news about celia and kiki on tv that will change the whole situation .
1	kyle's decline into a " living hell " is part of a journey to that thing we all battle within our selves .
1	a bad and bloody gang war is about to erupt on the dysfunctional streets of brooklyn .
1	when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a " dog catcher " party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break .
1	not to worry , his two friends tim ( lord jamar ) and sean ( ivan martin ) are self proclaimed singles experts who are willing to help their buddy .
1	with the support of her best friend wilma watson and their draft-dodging companion will bacon , emily is able to stand by her convictions in a household dominated by the standards of a salt-of-the-earth father and an unconditionally loving mother .
1	many people believed max had a gift , but he was so upset by his mother dieing , that he purposely ignores his " gift " , until one day he has a disturbing dream about a girl being raped and kidnapped .
1	murbah swamp beer is a documentary about an event that could only happen in australia .
1	it is a dark time for the resistance and skynet is on the verge of going online , the events of the last movie has changed nothing and john must now battle a new terminator called the t-x .
1	april's shower is a comedy about love , romance and expectation .
1	he is a gentle , philosophical guy , and she works on the checkout at a supermarket .
1	an amalgam of several edgar allan poe stories , and a mixture of comedy , horror and musical genres .
1	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide .
1	as a fire chief , quinn ( christian bales ) is responsable for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence .
1	her son has difficulty in understanding why his father was killed and today lies in one of the 124 tombs of jewish prisoners in a cemetery on the banks of the indian ocean .
1	suddenly , a young boy starts to become ill and starts to suffer from the same syndromes that regan from the fist movie suffered .
1	in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding .
1	when they fall in love for the first time , it's an impossible situation , because you can't just change your life overnight .
1	dealing with the aftermath of the 'accident' brings out the best and the worst in them .
1	in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer .
1	the men are reasonably challenged with the the bizzare situation .
1	but how can graham really fall in love with her when he sees each time as the first time ?
1	by occasion , the family plays a bizarre game : when someone rings a bell , everyone has to undress as quikly as possible , dive in the swimming pool , and grab the wooden fish in the pool .
1	april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side .
1	the ensuing road trip packs even more slapstick and locker room humor into an " already-bursting " movie .
1	many years have passed since the secret knight avenged his family by slaying the evil knight .
1	harry , it turns out , is a parsel-tongue .
1	" new suit " is a contemporary update of the fairy tale " the emperor's new clothes . "
1	inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility .
1	and yet , as we discover , these kids are smarter than their actions would let on . . .
1	the name refers to the green mountains they felt they were being pushed into ( out of their new homes ) .
1	the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret .
1	andy , a charming struggling actor , in his late 20's , an irish james bond that came to hollywood to live 'the life' to its fullest , and carrie , a heart stopping , alluring babe , in her early 20's , who slowly begins to abandon her dream to the lure of the la glamorous life .
1	but , sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them .
1	this seventh feature by chicago director covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story .
1	amelia is a jaded top model , nina is a midwestern innocent on her first trip , fernanda is a bisexual supermodel , ellie is the calm , sensible stylist .
1	we're all out there looking for true love-a very elusive thing indeed , and chance is no exception .
1	thus when he surprisingly gets an email from american film producer alex brubeck who writes that he had liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams come true .
1	as the boyfriend also becomes obsessed , it becomes apparent that something more is happening .
1	things got out of hand and led to a tragic ending .
1	three mischevious employees ( paulo costanzo , woody harrelson , alicia silverstone ) of a bank in a small deserted town all make plans to rob at the same time , however none of them knows about the others .
1	beautiful , gentle people of all color of skin surround her and care about her .
1	a retired boston pd detective isn't buying the news report of a local girl accidentally drowning . . .
1	father benito has been receiving financial help from the region's drug lord for the construction of a new health clinic .
1	but katherine holds her back , not to let interfere anything with her successful career .
1	outside , another man sits by the door keeping vigil .
1	they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope .
1	during his skyrocketing career , johnathan has to experience what alexi has found out : blood brings more viewing pleasure to the audience .
1	marly temple is living her father's dream of running a motel , only it has become her nightmare .
1	still , as the camp's highest-ranking american officer , he commands his fellow inmates , keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy , all under the dangerous , ever-watchful eye of ss major wilhelm visser .
1	despite the sympathetic overtures , rachel is convinced things aren't what they seem and suspects her baby has been abducted .
1	this is the story of a deaf mute who is laid off , and his sister , who requires a kidney transplant .
1	dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator .
1	he gives t-mon the gun , while t-mon tries to get the trick right .
1	lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a virgin .
1	carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) tries desperatly to meet women .
1	with the help of his trusty sidekick cousin anthony , the two venture on a wild adventure to discover the true meaning of christmas .
1	saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese war of liberation from the french colonial powers .
1	as the strange thefts escalate , detective phil barbara ( gale harold ) is assigned to the case and is soon on chep and fran's trail .
1	of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead .
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements .
1	when eddie is shot and paralyzed from the waist down during an attempted robbery , sean prevails on carlos to take over the store to protect his investment .
1	slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars .
1	bret has an idea that will push them both across lines they'd never seriously considered crossing .
1	we find elvis ( bruce campbell ) as an elderly resident in an east texas rest home , who switched identities with an elvis impersonator years before his " death " , then missed his chance to switch back .
1	nha fala ( my voice ) , a musical comedy , is the story of vita , a young african woman who must never sing .
1	a british television personality , terry twillstein ( bob odenkirk ) , gets sight of ronnie and brings ronnie to hollywood to get him his own tv show .
1	as beacons of individuality in a sea of government conformity they represent freedom for those who own them .
1	will he become a grandfather , surrounded by the love and support of a family or will he retreat into his world of memories and lost opportunities ?
1	the family come from a long line of masters of disguise who are able to mask themselves as almost anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of energico .
1	after listening to a missionary from china speak , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears .
1	set against the bright lights of manhattan , a tale which takes a comic , urbane look at the modern male ego at war in the singles scene trenches .
1	and too late for neil too - his wife jenny has already applied to adopt an african girl .
1	left in the care of erica and his doctor ( reeves ) , a love triangle starts to take shape .
1	conflict enters their relationship when anthony expresses to victoria that their sex life is practically non-existent .
1	they are soon off going from one strange adventure to another .
1	after their past experiences , they know they're condemned but they never once imagined what awaits them . . .
1	he's a rockabilly star who's a legend both because of his great hits and because he gave up music very young when his brother was killed .
1	primarily , the audience is wealthy , bored executives .
1	on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for .
1	two young mormon missionaries wake up to find themselves evicted from the house , where they had been renting rooms from a now deceased widow .
1	a new war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder in the white house against the president of the united states .
1	isidor's tortilla heaven is the best restaurant in new mexico maybe even the world .
1	nine year old brian billings has been diagnosed with an acute fear of the dark .
1	chris jones ( malik yoba ) is a strong , independent , black man who finds himself lost on a desolate road .
1	but all four are having trouble dealing with it , and steve has a job offer in san francisco .
1	things never seem to be the way they really are .
1	interviews in movie houses , on the street and in the homes of the subjects tell the story of each individual .
1	the young man find herbert down in his jail cell and learns for himself just what the re-agent is capable of .
1	lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! "
1	in a futuristic world , a strict regime has eliminated war by suppressing emotions : books , art and music are strictly forbidden and feeling is a crime punishable by death .
1	a martial artist , afflicted with a disease that makes beautiful women want to kill him , goes on a suicide mission to find true love anyway .
1	the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed and burned .
1	the two engage in a spirited and acerbic dialogue - meanwhile accomplishing nothing .
1	the two friends devise a plan to dress up in drag , commit a minor felony , get caught and then sent to the same prison in order to retrievie the ticket .
1	paravasu's cousin and bitter rival yavakri ( nagarjuna ) has just returned triumphant after 10 years of practicing austerities in the jungle , with the gift of universal knowledge from the gods .
1	for carlos - who has been challenged by his mentor to rework a superficial comic strip into something with depth and substance - running the store is the last thing on his mind .
1	when an older woman , mutt , an eccentric hustler with a heart , and her dog fort pass by , janey " s solitude is forever changed .
1	the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas .
1	on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons .
1	at the same time , there are rumors that the romulans are ready to begin peace talks with the federation .
1	when dwindling membership and increasing overheads makes the bowling club a prime candidate for a takeover , it's all hands on deck to save the club .
1	when danny's beloved grandfather dies , does his greed overcome his love ?
1	once his products become good enough , he has to face severe competition , and , in some cases , humiliations , from well-established foreign companies .
1	soon after , christin returns as a fierce ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a means for revenge .
1	but the break turns into a nightmare when sanjana starts hearing screams .
1	short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others .
1	after an attempt is made on his life by unknown gunmen , whom he kills them all using martal arts skills he didn't know he had , he learns that all of his dreams of a past life are real and that for the past three years he was raised by the couple after finding him in a river , half-dead with five bullet wounds in him .
1	a young great gatsbyish hip hopper named summer g falls for a middle to upper class sister while in college .
1	unbeknownst to the contestants , the game's host has struck a deal with the soldiers hired to guard the money , and does not really have the player's best interests , or even basic safety , at heart .
1	once he leaves his chinese prison cell robert would rather enjoy his freedom back in the u . s . and keep his past behind him , but the tong catches up to him and threatens not only his life but that of his wife .
1	his father eventually becomes very ill and passes away , the future of rammoth lays in ancanar's hands .
1	when a powerful developer named mr . scheck wants to knock down all the stores and houses in arnold's neighborhood to build a huge " mall-plex " , it looks likes the neighborhood is doomed to disappear .
1	one of the threads follows the brand new ( unmarried ) prime minister ( grant ) of the united kingdom , who on his first day in 10 downing street falls in love with the girl ( mccutcheon ) who brings him his tea ( thompson plays his sister ; rickman plays her husband ) .
1	it is 1492 , and spain has decreed that all jews must either convert to catholicism , go into exile or face trial and execution .
1	hakimi stops his car and sees a girl is trapped in the car .
1	what if jesus were born in the year 2002 to a young jewish couple in new york city , instead of bethlehem two millennia ago ?
1	when her mother passes away , ella is cared for by her thoughtless and greedy father who remarries a loathsome woman with two treacherous daughters .
1	isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl .
1	carmen and juni cortez team up with two other spy kids , gary and gerti giggles , and together they must save the world from the hands of an evil scientist named romero ( buscemi ) .
1	josh also gets fixated on sex , though he has no clear idea what it's all about , and in particular on nadine ; to mike's chagrin , she seems more interested in josh than in him .
1	andrew is infatuated with sannah and fantazises about her but believes there's no chance she will like him if she gets to know him , so he decides it's better they never meet for real . . .
1	the making of the dragon emphasizes and exaggerates all the overly dramatic moments , simplistic storylines and farcical elements that make up the films of the kung-fu genre .
1	in steps reese , a sweet , charming co-worker smitten with kali .
1	as this is happening , a rogue jedi named count dooku leads separatists on geonosis to rebel against the senate .
1	he is intelligent and has a sense of humour .
1	only a little later , johnathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates .
1	henceforth , he will meet with unexpected situations that give him the idea for the perfect counterpoint in his plot of the absurd .
1	but someone has been watching , and they've had enough . . .
1	amongst these , ruth , a girl of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic .
1	an internet terrorist creates a computer source code based on the dna of a junkie .
1	the film follows fictional movie star gray evans through the disintegration of his marriage , his gradual mental breakdown , and his increasing obsession with a young film student who reminds gray of his own life before becoming famous .
1	it measures a students ability to lie , cheat , fight and kill .
1	it's a fractured story about a naive , impulsive , but above all else passionate man , one who will do anything for his family , who will stop at nothing to live his dream .
1	though constantly dreaming of a romantic love , he is not bold enough to make his dreams come true .
1	a new reality-style game show , " treasure hunt " has invited a cast of contestants , including a los angeles cop who's joined to try and make up for an earlier pr blunder , to a tropical island to hunt for a buried treasure worth ten million dollars .
1	with the help of their gay hairdresser ( pop star jordan chan ) and some friends inside the company , the girls become " irresistibly " beautiful , and secretly get rehire under new identities .
1	rachael is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a small bleak island in the north sea that she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother .
1	he discovers a dark side to the circus and decides to leave , but finds he is caught between his love of a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss who is determined he stays .
1	a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago .
1	however , the babies turned out to be both women .
1	families are leaving their homes , people on the street are carrying personal possessions , and all actions become colored by an increasing tension in the community .
1	dex and eric are ordinary , twenty-something guys dealing with work , relationships and friends .
1	leela is a true reflection of how the south asian-american community is beginning to emerge , blend , and influence the mainstream american culture in its own exquisite ways .
1	rachel is torn by her aversion to harper and her duty as an agent .
1	whip smart , alluring as hell , dynamic , and sexually predatory .
1	everyone's favorite mad scientist herbert west is currently in jail after having state's evidence turned against him by his former assistant , dan cain .
1	but when evil marauders steal their mothers&#180 ; s body in an attempt to trick their way into the island , the brothers join forces to deliver their dead mother to be buried with their father .
1	his good looks , charm and overwhelming confidence captured the eye of screen legend norma shearer , who offered him a film role .
1	the film is shot in multiple formats from 35mm ( the majority ) to the newer digital format of digi-beta , with a short , eerily beautiful dream segment shot in super-8 .
1	a young man is found bruised , beaten and stumbling down a secluded road .
1	he is increasingly tormented by his conscience as the new order of the day is revealed .
1	set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer .
1	an apparent gynaecologist dr . nightingale hastily marries a pregnant patient , modesta and takes her home to his mysterious manor to meet mother .
1	they get on from the word go , but now dad needs a liver transplant and ludvig and harald set about raising the wherewithal .
1	after steve's job opportunity in san francisco falls through , he comes up with a plan .
1	the 57-minute , color documentary feature film , wedding advice : speak now or forever hold your peace , explores contemporary american ambivalence about weddings and marriage .
1	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas .
1	several former state and party functionaries interfere in the filmmaking in the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes .
1	improv comedy masters the upright citizens brigade star in this absurdist comedy about an evil chinese food company and their plan to turn little girls into " saucy " spare ribs .
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash .
1	they start an in-depth investigation of a doctor chu , who is shin-hyun's psychiatrist .
1	true love is right around the corner as long as he doesn't lose sight of what he's looking for .
1	events go from tragic to dangerous as racism , paranoia , and a secret mistress come into play .
1	now he must battle the courts to get his children back .
1	when warren secretly discovers a wedding dress hidden in toni's closet , he realizes he has some serious decisions to make .
1	by the early '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster .
1	by the end of the girl's journey there is only one question to be answered : what is real and what is her imagination ?
1	documentary feature about the traditional viennese cinema " bellaria " , which is specialised in german cinema from the 20s , 30s and 40s and its regular customers , whose idols are stars like zarah leander or karl sch&#246 ; nb&#246 ; ck .
1	now that the tong and their drug cartel know who he is they will stop at nothing to kill robert to protect their own corrupt interests .
1	it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts .
1	a boy's introduction to acts of abuse , killing and suicide all take place inside an abandoned playground .
1	she challenges isabel's authority and is prepared to break her family ties and sacrifice her faith for love .
1	edgar gets wind inez is up to something and blows his cool , beating her and making her a prisoner in their own home .
1	regardless , it is through grace's visions involving him that she learns of her parent's demonic pastimes , which include abduction , murder , and possibly worse .
1	keith tells his wife karen , ( dana delaney ) about the jewellery and that is the last straw .
1	has taken serious note of the situation and special task force is sent to the jungle to deal with naxal problem .
1	he lives in a motor garage with his six friends .
1	( king plays a " russian mob princess " ; roden plays an evil kung fu master who is seeking the scroll ) based on the very underground comic book , an immortal tibetan monk ( chow ) finds a mentor in a young street kid ( scott ) whom he can teach to protect the ancient scroll he's been guarding for the last sixty years .
1	mark hamill , sally struthers , brad hunt , angela featherstone and missy crider round out the cast .
1	an l . a . artist ( mark ruffalo ) with everything seemingly going for him suddenly finds a change in his life when an art curator cancels his upcoming one-man show .
1	it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts .
1	her father ( bill nighy ) is desperate to repeat the spectacular success of his first novel , but hasn't written a word for 12 years ; her exquisite sister rose ( rose byrne ) can only rail against their fate , and their bohemian step-mother topaz ( tara fitzgerald ) is a nudist and no help at all .
1	this is a true documentry of art versus money-driven media conglomerates .
1	stranded on hawaii , experiment #626 can't actually do much harm : water all around , no big cities and two well-equipped representatives of the galactic federation already following close behind to catch him again .
1	the story revolves around lucy kelson ( bullock ) , a brilliant but neurotic attorney , and her client ( grant ) , who is " charming , irresponsible and fabulously wealthy . "
1	who'd want to hang out in hef's grotto with james caan and three dozen playmates , when you can grow up with reaganomics and rock hudson's declining health ? "
1	kamel , a young man from the french ghetto , near paris , is coming back to france .
1	they are known as masters of the runaway art .
1	as an added twist robert discovers upon meeting wong dai , that the evil man himself has been manipulating our protagonist in order to have him kill wong dai's own tong members and thus , secure the ill gotten gains of wong dai's empire of crime for himself .
1	in the throes of falling for one another , they are soon forced to deal with the bitter realities of their lives prior to that chance encounter .
1	the company offered " ice in an hour " delivery and ice-related accessories , like tongs , buckets and gourmet ice .
1	will she get it , or will death get her first ?
1	but the latter is currently in a swedish prison cell .
1	they board the boat that is to carry them to the isles of the blessed .
1	all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor .
1	mckay's camera follows him from his detailed make-up at home , into a waiting yellow cab and down to a chelsea nightclub dressing room for finishing dressing and wig before he goes on to win over a standing room only audience .
1	steve and eric are average guys living average lives with their average wives in the small suburban town of freehold , new jersey .
1	a group of wayward astronauts returning from a long mission to ganymede crash land on a planet very much like earth .
1	enter stella ( theron ) , a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker , who joins charlie and his former gang when they follow the backstabber to california , where they plan to re-steal the gold by tapping into los angeles' traffic control system , manipulating signals and creating one of the biggest traffic jams in la history .
1	through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ?
1	unfortunately things don't go as planned , and when the kids' van breaks down at an old slaughterhouse , they are hunted down one by one . . .
1	as carolyn's " perfect life " falls apart , pumpkin teaches her that perfect isn't always perfect after all .
1	she claims he is distant and has shut her out .
1	welcome to peoplemovin . com , a leader in america's transient workforce , more commonly known as temporary employment .
1	chasm is a black comedy , set in a time when trading body parts has become commonplace and blinding light and torrential rain overpower the land .
1	together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder .
1	mois&#233 ; s kaufman and members of new york's tectonic theater project went to laramie , wyoming after the murder of matthew shepard .
1	after a nuclear apocalypse , the whole landscape is a desert ruin , except for a small island paradise where el toro is buried .
1	he doesn't accept himself and even everyday contacts with others cause his aggression .
1	abandoned and filled with a mysterious past , holy angel school for girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal , jealousy , and vengeance .
1	stuart rescues a canary , margalo , from a falcon ; she moves in with the littles .
1	with a little money , they set out on the road with a guy named ben .
1	using his family's old mob connections , tony has mapped out every detail for a very special evening .
1	after a glamorous--but short-lived--career as a movie star , evans tried out producing .
1	an art whose medium is one of flesh and bone .
1	sam decker ( dolph lundgren ) is giving up .
1	her hatred of the world is only matched by her love of musicals the good , old fashioned american ones ( of course ) .
1	a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character .
1	once the transformation is complete , he's ready to take on the evil perpetrators of operation whitewash--mr feather , penelope snow aka white she devil , and , ultimately , the man .
1	when fowler introduces pyle to his beautiful young vietnamese mistress phuong ( hai yen ) the three become swept up in a tempestuous love triangle that leads to a series of startling revelations and finally - murder .
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other .
1	but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up .
1	as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is .
1	now finding the town run by the man behind the terrible act , slaughter teams up with the mysterious gunslinger savannah starr to try and rid the west of one of it's great evils .
1	however , stacy finds that when someone is out to get you , the outside world is even more dangerous .
1	it's all about love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions .
1	they have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight . . .
1	once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature .
1	when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion .
1	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america .
1	the story encompasses social degradation , unemployment , racism , casual violence , excessive drink and bad sex - and how they fall into a political context .
1	unexpectedly , the caustic loner befriends the girl only to see his life take another turn when she is kidnapped and later murdered .
1	a reporter , lanie kerrigan ( jolie ) , interviews a psychic homeless man ( shalhoub ) for a fluff piece about a football game's score .
1	overwhelmed and excited about the big studio adventure ahead of him , alex moves into an apartment with two other up-n'-comings .
1	clashing their swords in fiece mortal combat , will and jack attempt to recapture the black pearl ship , save the british navy , and relinquish a fortune in forbidden treasure thereby lifting the curse of the pirates of the caribbean .
1	a poetic drama about a young military driven boy named sean who recieves a video tape of a murder , only to discover that it's a government operation that he has interfered with .
1	based on the gruesome novella clive barker wrote especially for todd mcfarlane's disturbing action figure line , tortured souls is the story of six cenobite-like creatures : agonistes , a transformer of people into monsters who may be a creation of god ; the scyther-meister , an assassin created by agonistes to bring a corrupt empire to its knees ; lucidique , the daughter of a slain senator who is strangely falling in love with the scythe-meister ; talisac , a twisted doctor who has impregnated and attached himself to a strange machine ; venal anatomica , a hulking assassin with an inhuman bloodlust ; and mongroid , talisac's soon-to-be born child with a huge mouth in his stomach .
1	one boy needs to avenge the death of his father . . .
1	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film .
1	based on a short story by bengali writer prafulla roy , the central idea developed by director dasgupta , tells the story of a girl , lati , whose mother rajani is a prostitute living and working in a brothel in rural india .
1	with no option , joe and katsuragi must use their martial arts skills to fight in the muscle dome .
1	anna strikes a deal with vikrant that he'll kill guru and acquire the prize money offered by him .
1	down and out rock star dewey finn ( black ) gets fired from his band , and he faces a mountain of debts and depression .
1	kill , threaten , kidnap , maim , murder , steal . . .
1	when the professor turns up missing , one of his students , jake whitcomb , finds the professor's journal , inside of which is a copy of the map .
1	with an estimate of over 10 , 000 sexual conquests .
1	dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york .
1	a beautiful story of love , loss and unexpected reunions , unravels in one weekend .
1	she's saving money for a ticket to rome to get out of her life and visit an italian with whom she had a one night stand several months ago .
1	a postal worker has some lunch in a chinese restaurant and falls in love with the waitress , who happens to be chinese .
1	otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't .
1	his daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones , and wants them back .
1	we also catch a glimpse of the band's ideas about performance from the blend of footage from concerts , television , music videos , and other media .
1	after being trapped in hell for quite some time , freddy krueger meets up with jason voorhees after jason is sent to hell by creighton duke ( forget part x ; rewind to friday the 13th part ix ) .
1	in fact a blueprint : a blueprint of her mother .
1	he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m .
1	for as god watches we live , some according to his will and some not .
1	this astounding documentary puts reality tv to shame and reminds us of just how unreal that prefabricated situation-based dreck really is .
1	this dark bittersweet drama focuses on roberta , a 350-lb secretary who loses her job and learns she is dying on the same day .
1	en un ca&#243 ; tico principio del siglo xxi , oleadas de cr&#237 ; menes saturan los informativos , y decenas de sectas tratan de captar la fe de la cada vez m&#225 ; s esc&#233 ; ptica poblaci&#243 ; n .
1	the latter part of the film examines the forces both political and religious , that led to otte's unusual appointment .
1	can the elderly and feeble mccaleb , who had intended to spend his retirement living on his boat in the los angeles harbor , and who can't drive , and has to nap regularly , muster up the endurance to find the killer ?
1	furthermore , he seeks to investigate and confront the powerful elite political and corporate interests fanning this culture for their own unscrupulous gain .
1	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process .
1	seeing these old cars in recent films and photographs one wonders how they have maintained them after decades with no spare parts and an embargo by the united states .
1	five young people apply to live in an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous cameras .
1	character development is conveyed primarily through the combatants actions and the choices they make as they progress across their combat route .
1	he has to rescue them and save new york city from an imminent nuclear terrorist act .
1	leela then is a universal story of two paths that cross each other and pause a moment before moving on .
1	sharing a cabin together , each finds out a little bit about themselves over the course of 10 days .
1	sometimes being honest and truthful is all you need . . . sometimes .
1	the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed .
1	however , soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails .
1	lives hang in the balance as they scramble to unravel the mystery and protect the student body from their own hatred and fear .
1	the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions .
1	a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple in rural vermont .
1	when the teen disappears , a man ( kingsley ) assigned to find her tries to use the spring for his personal gain .
1	in 2000 , with berlin as germany's new capital , an event happens forcing the group out of existential reason to reunite and , ultimately , come to grips with the reason they separated 12 years ago .
1	three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano .
1	forced to move back to his old job at a pizza parlor and into a rundown tenement where a number of oddballs wander the hall including a lonely middle aged woman ( mary coleston ) who makes spam casseroles for all the bachelors , a daffy prostitute ( krystina carson ) , and a spanish don juan ( manual cabra ) who wanders the halls in his bathrobe .
1	diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to his rescue , but is taken hostage .
1	they succeed in blowing up what they believe to be the main operations room , but are soon forced to make their escape as the entire compound unexpectedly erupts with gunfire and explosions .
1	this undercover documentary takes you deep into the controversial arena of backyard wrestling where the limits are constantly being tested . . . and
1	the word in las vegas is that he is dead .
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing .
1	after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island .
1	the din of advertising offering happiness through consumption is deafaning and sense and reason are quickly being discarded as relics of the 'old economy' .
1	fashion is considered a glamorous industry full of beautiful people .
1	in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers .
1	if they get caught cheating again stark will make a note in their permanent records and possibly kill their chances of getting into college .
1	evergon is an affectionate tragicomedy that follows francis evergon in his last days among the unemployed .
1	searching for validity , recognition , and truth , he befriends a quirky computer genius and a kickboxing goddess , who all help one another realize what they have been missing from their lives .
1	graced with the instinctive ability to dance , jenny thomas wants nothing more than to become a professional dancer .
1	a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop .
1	tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess .
1	all of them have demoted the importance of the real world , giving all of their attention to the fantasy world of the movies .
1	cul de sac is a story about a man who tries to end his life unsuccessfully .
1	felice finds herself in danger from the man she came to save .
1	hired to take mr . brown to a rendezvous with the devil ( gary oldman ) , the driver soon finds himself entangled in fiendish plans .
1	unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people .
1	he has just graduated college , he has a beautiful girlfriend , jane , and a publisher has picked up his first novel .
1	a member of a vigilante group , fields decides to go undercover with a hidden camera and cross with a group of undocumented immigrants .
1	josh ( anthony michael hall ) is one of those guys who can't navigate the shallow ny singles scene .
1	as the sisters approach the end of an era , and the end of an order , they search their souls in an examination of their life's work .
1	however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan .
1	hitting the road in a brand-new suv , they're having the time of their lives until something funny happens on the way to the monster truck show in reno .
1	it deals with a whole lot of fun , romance and suspense .
1	time of fear is a taut psychological thriller thrusting an fbi agent and a grieving father into the dark world of a demented killer .
1	little do they know but help is on the way and this friday will get freaky !
1	what starts as an innocent game of bar trivia soon escalates into an all out war - dex &#38 ; eric vs . herb .
1	juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects .
1	the complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection .
1	fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun .
1	calvin ( cube ) , who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father , views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time .
1	as an additional inducement , the queen holds out to butch , the promised return of the hostaged claudia , a beautiful and feisty femme , who is not about to sit idly by awaiting rescue ! .
1	rajput blackmails neha ( sushmita sen ) to use her professional skills to help his plan , to train three blind men to rob the bank for him .
1	the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself .
1	kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while jay continues to work for the men in black , the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth .
1	brookdale has another , more lucrative facet ; a safe harbour for the chronically drug-addicted rich and famous , especially the sons and daughters of the above , whose families have tried everything .
1	he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) .
1	based on the famous 1947 hoax letter written to vought aviation in which thousands of copies have since been distributed .
1	due to unfortunate circumstances he is forced to flee his former brothers in arms .
1	throughout this time , their lives have been entwined with the fate of aboriginal people during times of war , disease and controversial government removalist policies .
1	frank and his sister caroline arrive in mystical attic town where the great syndicate is ruling and robbing the citizens .
1	in order to help and protect , asterix and obelix accompany the old druid on his journey to egypt .
1	challenged to stop an alien force , the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante , then overcome a threat to the bond between them .
1	the quest now set before them ends in a love , a lie and a legend that has lasted a thousand years .
1	the career of a disillusioned producer , who is desperate for a hit , is endangered when his star walks off the film set .
1	the decisions he makes when confronted with this new truth will affect him forever .
1	the film starts in 1846 and ends in 1863 with the draft riots .
1	she must finally step out of her rarefied world and confront the assumptions on which she's built her whole life .
1	they have 3 weeks until the next full moon to find the madman , but an innocent blind woman has found him first . . .
1	leader of the pack luck ( danny lopes ) , fueled on major hallucinogens , transports the gang to the reverend's isolated house where the basis of the second plot has been set simultaneously .
1	one of patricia's early followers is francis hiller ( edward albert jr . ) , jack's son and katherine's stepbrother , a successful local businessman .
1	however , when novak's book is a complete success , catcher finds himself being blown off by her !
1	it seems like a perfect opportunity for kilo to get back to his family , but this job leads to a world of trouble for kilo after his release .
1	salvagers discover the antonia graza , an italian luxury liner with a dark secret .
1	the police investigation that followed - led by detectives sam nico ( ted levine ) , louis cruz ( frankie g . ) and mike peters ( m . c .
1	when taraneh discovers she is pregnant she decides against all advice and intense social pressure , to keep the baby .
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town .
1	now they must run for their lives as the deluge strikes with full force at the heart of their private world .
1	heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken .
1	unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise .
1	ronnie schwann , a young man regarded as " slow , " has affections for sarah , a young woman who stays at hope house , a facility for the mentally ill .
1	after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate .
1	big-shot executive robert stiles' car is damaged when parked at the lodge .
1	the story is set against a relationship that forms between the american hustler boy and a brazilian teenage girl who must help each other survive the drug gang-controlled slums of rio de janeiro .
1	" garmento " tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success .
1	there is a knock on the door and harry forces mitchell to 'wait' in the closet , and not to make a sound .
1	edi is severely punished for that but he accepts his fate taking care of the girl's child .
1	after loosing his wife and kids , his life encounters another pitfall when mitch's accounting client , donny diamond ( john capadice ) , a former pro-football player , accuses mitch of embezzelment and hires a couple of thugs to murder him .
1	it's her millionaire boss , george wade ( hugh grant ) .
1	although the dogs seemingly have it in for ted , he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race , the arctic challenge , spiting a mountain man ( played by james coburn ) who wants the dogs .
1	a series of surprise events further obstructs their relationship , but tobias perseveres .
1	wanted : lost soul to look after 4 woman .
1	she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside .
1	" all for nothin' " is their story of love , forgiveness and redemption .
1	doctors aren't supposed to play god , but someone's decision years before has driven a killer over the brink .
1	the film , staged among some of the western art tradition's greatest masterpieces , climaxes in a pageant of color , motion , and music .
1	firefighter gordon brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to claudio " the wolf " perrini .
1	unlike the rest , she didn't vanish forever from history .
1	though ronnie works at hope house he doesn't follow procedure when he finds sarah wandering outside the confines .
1	it's steps , a film that draws its inspiration from the marx brother to monty python and it was done on such a shoe-string budget , it would make a studio executive blush .
1	" secondhand lions " follows the comedic adventures of an introverted boy ( osment ) left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant , eccentric great-uncles ( caine and duvall ) , whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives .
1	as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it .
1	he must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil and of course love .
1	toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family's restaurant , dancing zorba's , in chicago .
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned .
1	anmol comes to india with his father-in- law ( paresh rawal ) and the moment they step into india they are picked up by choto chhatri ( johny lever ) , who takes them to a local goon , eaida anna ( sunil shetty ) .
1	francis takes advantage of his wife success and reputation to bring his ambitious casino project of its feet .
1	what if he escaped with the intention of joining all those other nazi evil-geniuses in sun-soaked south america ?
1	there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine .
1	eric , of course , deep down , wants to do it .
1	beautifully shot sequences episodically shift back and forth from the past to the present .
1	plot strands involve a trio of lost transvestites , two girls who never leave the toilets , a pair of innocent under-age drinkers and a guy who is determined to pierce his genitalia , but the central story follows ali as she sets out to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman .
1	this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had .
1	while shooting an engagement party , he attempts to make a connection with jen , the beautiful sister of the bride .
1	in a revealing and often hilarious portrait , mary dispenses homespun wisdom while divulging family secrets and rivalries .
1	but nobody figured sam decker and his juvenile delinquents into the equation .
1	certain that there's only one way to find out the truth , rachel returns to the hospital .
1	he is still famous , although still disliked by snape , malfoy , and the rest of the slytherins .
1	'i capture the castle' is based on the dodie smith novel which was published in 1948 , before she wrote 101 dalmatians .
1	celebrities are talking about him on mtv and girls are fighting over him on jerry springer .
1	a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name .
1	chomsky places the terrorist attacks in the context of american foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , and elsewhere .
1	anna changes her mind : when some rich , ignorant american couple wondering about if they should buy the house asks for the swimming pool ( while the mediterranean is half a mile away ) , she simply doubles the charge , and finally puts the " for sale " plate into the garbage can .
1	the pied piper production penned by christian otjen concerns a 36-year-old man ( brian wimmer ) who returns to his hometown to confront the harsh reality of his father's supposed suicide .
1	the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . .
1	the ultimate forms of hell are about to be unleashed on earth once again .
1	the story follows ancanar , the sole heir to the rammoth valley and the last in the line of telganan .
1	chandramukhi , a stunning courtesan instantly lost her heart to devdas .
1	lilli black , battling her painful memories and the secrets surrounding her dying father , collides into the complicated and obsessive life of morrison wiley on the streets of new york city .
1	in the summer of 1947 , a mysterious thirteen-year-old girl , accompanied by her mute mother , seemingly appears from nowhere .
1	ling min becomes the manager of haier factory when the factory is almost bankrupted .
1	the aftermath of a high school shooting leaves deanna cartwright ( erika christensen ) seriously wounded and nine others dead , including the perpetrator .
1	in this playful and rollicking swashbuckler , drag king pirates take to the high seas on a quest to restore stolen treasures .
1	he is a homeless street performer who brings shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon on various street corners around the city of denver .
1	detective kuroda tries to find the answer , which isn't as simple as one could hope .
1	the da sends the dupe into valento-land in hopes of getting the sociopath off his back .
1	he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny .
1	he comes back , calling himself the master , and becomes a charismatic spiritual leader , running a teen shelter in hollywood .
1	" sumo east and west " takes us into this world through the story of wayne vierra of hawaii , aka kamakiiwa , a former professional sumo wrestler in japan whose pro career was cut short by injury , but who rebounded to become a champion in the growing world of amateur sumo .
1	the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption .
1	when rebecca went away to college john thought webcams would help them keep in touch .
1	he tries to distract charlie any way he can .
1	by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music .
1	months on , marie finds herself alone , life having taken a dramatic turn .
1	according to eric and ami's passive-aggressive mother who refuses to accept that her daughter is an adult ( jessica walters ) , that answer is " yes " .
1	lisa kudrow plays the vet while lee tergensen is the frazzled husband , whose marriage is going to the dogs .
1	the film follows the story of duncan , a fourteen-year old misfit farm boy trying to fill the void and alleviate the numbness left by his mother's passing .
1	after a chance encounter at a theater , two men , benigno and marco , meet at a private clinic where benigno works .
1	three fraternal bank robbers languishing in jail , discover a profitable ( if not dodgy ) way to spend their time .
1	and what dark secret does the house harbour that leaves them feeling as though they're being watched by more than just a million pairs of eyes ?
1	now , years later matt goes away for weekend with his new girlfriend dawn .
1	in addition , he finds a baffling pile of different passports , all with his picture , and a huge pile of cash .
1	in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory .
1	peter parker must now juggle three things in his life ; his new job at the local newspaper under a perpetually on-edge employer , his battle against the evil green goblin , and his fight to win the affections of beautiful classmate mary jane watson , against none other than his best friend harry osborn , son of norman osborn !
1	both of them create the most important cofee plantation in cuba with a very special philosophy of the slave work and comunity .
1	the school administration calls in the acting sheriff to conduct " a delicate and discrete investigation " - a whitewash .
1	when mcconaughey's girlfriend ( played by kate beckinsale ) becomes pregnant , the pair are fearful that the baby will inherit the oldman gene .
1	the catholic church and the irish courts decide the doyle children put into church-run orphanages .
1	from stag beetle to swastika narrates in a richly detailed , associative montage the boundless possibilities of manipulating images and using images the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images .
1	chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others .
1	during the heist , they have to work together to overcome high-tech security systems , guard dogs , a nasty head of security , and a bank vault that is suspended 30 feet above ground .
1	but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her .
1	the story follows a university of texas professor , dr . david gale , an advocate for the abolishment of capital punishment , who is falsly convicted of rape and murder of another activist .
1	truly an intellectual , igby is a modern day holden caulfield , and the world he lives in is far removed from the high standards of expectation he holds for it .
1	the documentary also describes the deployment era of the regulus submarines ( 1958-1964 ) .
1	the others quickly conclude that the extreme circumstances of the accident were what caused love to bloom .
1	in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership .
1	unaware she is the object of his affection , frankie is in for a big surprise when she shows up after work with mervin ( keith david ) on her arm .
1	a strange film employing old home movies and newly shot footage in an effort to expose one hungarian family and their mutiple problems from the 1940s to current .
1	she spends the night with pqd , one of the musicians .
1	filled with hatred she seduced louie , her classmate who had a crush on her , to get back at him - and as a favor she would go to bed with him .
1	clarissa vaughn , a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend richard , a famous author dying of aids .
1	her loving parents feel helpless as they watch their daughter suffer .
1	rajput then gets together a team of three blind men vishwas prajapati ( akshay kumar ) , arjun verma ( arjun rampal ) and ilias ( paresh rawal ) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time .
1	the antichrist comes to earth as a newborn baby , but a nurse accidentally switches him with another newborn , and for eleven years he grows up as a normal child .
1	it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother .
1	he seems impossible to stop as when the possessed guest is killed , murray passes into the killer to continue his mission of murdering all nine of them .
1	although they have fallen into a habitual rivalry based on a cause long forgotten , the pair unite when the multinational fast-food outlet " burgies " unveils a new store directly opposite the twin fish &#38 ; chips shops .
1	in jail she finally meets tabloid darling velma kelly , currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale .
1	a band of college students go to a rave on a mysterious island and get more than they bargained for when they find themselves stalked by killer zombies and terrifying creatures intent on feasting on the flesh of the living .
1	banks is a hit man , the best , usually working for latin american drug cartels .
1	in a generation of individuals , they struggle to choose love .
1	ben stiller and jack black star as tim and nick , best friends , neighbors and co-workers , whose equal footing is suddenly tripped up when one of nick's harebrained get-rich-quick schemes actually succeeds : vapoorizer , a spray that literally makes dog poop , or any other kind for that matter , evaporate into thin air -- to where exactly is anyone's guess .
1	the hunky pizza guy , the mad scotsman and a parade of firemen all become invited guests - men almost out numbering the women .
1	into their midst come a hotshot american , van zan ( matthew mcconaughey ) , who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind - a way quinn's never seen done .
1	this is the story of their lives , their memories , their unbending habits and the films they love .
1	now the kids are far out in the country with no phone , car , or any place to go , and they are being chased by the family of cannibals .
1	their life , though unusual , is satisfying until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to at first as " the goat man " ) comes into their lives , and ingrid falls madly in love with him , only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined .
1	haris embarks on a journey through the world of afghan-americans to learn more about their culture , and there he finds both humor and tragedy .
1	in her desperation she decides to live forever inside the holo-deck .
1	matt ( patrick muldoon ) is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago .
1	the plot involves an innocent poor boy , who is a happy go lucky , always trying to live a stylish life .
1	in their new environment , the men relinquish their frat mentality and realize how hurtful they have been to women over the years .
1	this was a time when dialogue became a new challenge .
1	he initially flounders in his new world , before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top .
1	the trail is strewn with corpses and everything points to them as the killers .
1	this movie praise the right to be different and unique .
1	the dons have their own hierarchal manipulations - chotte baba ( jackie shroff ) , medium baba ( gulshan grover ) and bade baba ( amitabh bachchan ) .
1	fascinated , she pursues him , bent on learning who he is and where he comes from .
1	the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film .
1	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later .
1	what begins as a friendly 'extreme' week long camping trip goes from a warm 'big chill' into a chilling 'deliverance' as old wounds unsurface , passions rise and personalities unravel .
1	one day , butcher lee ( karen allen ) , inez's trusted friend and an amateur mystic of sorts , reveals a vision that inez's one true love is close by .
1	he encounters woody , a tow truck driver who sends him down a dead-end that is the black road .
1	tom is a charismatic late-night radio talk show host , whose unconventional upbringing has made him a little too quick to fall in love and marry , resulting in three divorces before the age of 40 .
1	dennis clegg is in his thirties and lives in a halfway house for the mentally ill in london .
1	but sometimes what we teach our children can be as deadly as not teaching them .
1	their one hope , find the rabbit-proof fence that might just guide them home .
1	nayomi and lisa go to do the hit but everything goes terribly wrong .
1	while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions .
1	an abusive and often intoxicated man , john rules the household , and though his attacks on steve result in emergency hospital visits , cheryl's loyalty is to her boyfriend .
1	but as documentary filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find out , the real story took place when the cameras weren't rolling .
1	the creators of visas and virtue ( 1997 academy award winner , best live action short film ) have embarked on a new journey - the production of independence day .
1	here , they return stateside on a hospital ship , each with their own wounds , and the movie follows their intertwined and separate destinies .
1	just before easter 2001 , a semi-trailer loaded with 40 , 000 bottles of beer crashed into the tweed river on the out skirts of the northern new south wales town of murwillumbah ( known as " murbah " to the locals ) .
1	as the story unfolds , the real intentions of the little devil become clear .
1	while their first few meetings are innocent enough , the obsessive and seductive madison wants more - much more .
1	the story of ussr's first nuclear ballistic submarine , which suffered a malfunction in its nuclear reactor on its maiden voyage in the north atlantic in 1961 .
1	sexgunsmoney@20 is an intense , funny and visceral story about excesses , instant gratification , greed and power , filled with intrigue and machiavellian plotting .
1	mitchell takes the gun to t-mon , a pimp who lives in a modern age opium den : pillows , candles , opium , and ho's .
1	nete is a tough woman of 35 who runs her job , husband , and teenage daughter with a firm and efficient hand .
1	in the process they have tortured villagers and something dreadful happens and rupi disappears .
1	fundamentally , john learns that love and a sense of purpose are more powerful and more valuable than money .
1	this particular weekend strays from the usual when adam meets a girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best friend to the brink of a jealous rage ) .
1	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter an 8-year-old who teaches them the true meaning of christmas .
1	poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity .
1	within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government .
1	ben has a way of making trouble for julie .
1	babe , a television tabloid reporter , poses as an innocent small-town girl to do an expos&#233 ; on deeds .
1	the 'fun and games' in which louis and hilary involve soledad are a lacerating look at their twisted relationship .
1	desperate to help her father , katie enlists the help of her two best friends , clay and austin , in a wild plan to rob the bank where her mother works .
1	with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul .
1	and eventually some eyes turn toward the drifter , vince .
1	her slutty roommate , lara ( jessica biel ) , has the hots for victor as well .
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned .
1	real escape , however , may be a goal beyond possibility .
1	eight year old peter carlson tries to save his family from eviction by " blackmailing santa " .
1	this means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record .
1	michael baldwin ) after a series of nightmares he had .
1	today marks a special anniversary for the couple and they set out to celebrate the way they have before , with an old fashion picnic .
1	but when his reputation is challenged by an aggressive racer with a fast ride , he can't back down .
1	and keeping their heads on their necks will become their main concern . . .
1	mitchell listens to a chilling conversation as he realizes harry's friend is the red neck who tried to attack him earlier .
1	the classic tale of 'peter pan' continues in disney's sequel 'return to never land' .
1	in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse .
1	there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . .
1	in order to continue giving therapy without leaving his home he gives it over the internet .
1	when max's performance is no competition for producers' nephews and bigger " names , " his only option is to cripple the competition - literally .
1	picard and the enterprise can escape , only to find themselves battling shinzons completely cloaked warbird , who is after the complete destruction of earth .
1	when rock star roddy usher's wife is murdered , he's sent to the county lunatic asylum , where the therapy is far more insane than the inmates .
1	along the way , his vendetta quest leads to the son of howard saint ( travolta ) , a former underworld boss who had gone straight , but the death of his son leads him to get back into crime , and he's gunning for the punisher .
1	docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer who killed at least 19 young women during the 1970's ( though some sources say as many as 30 to 35 were murdered ) .
1	a go ! ! ! " and the paper is dated with the year 2003 .
1	fate deals young orphan matt murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste .
1	the group of best friends from their days back at east great falls high reunite for the next great sexual adventure in their lives . . .
1	a teenager rides the same bus to school everyday .
1	armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills , with marie by his side , bourne scours paris for clues about his identity and past life . . .
1	all the pieces in the mystery are finally starting to fit together , and the case seems almost resolved .
1	now she can't perform the song , and aksel realizes he must take action !
1	one day , he came to her and asked her to have dinner and drive her home .
1	then there is the unshakable guilt over his past .
1	as patients mysteriously disappear , and the body count mounts , even the exterminators , ratmaster general " hans " ( john paul young ) and his assistant , " jim " ( adam redmond ) are no contest for the awesome force of this hybrid rodent strain .
1	on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board !
1	watching the so-called powerful falling on their own petards is a venal pleasure , yet it also serves as a life lesson .
1	the angel has already gotten to her and taken her into hiding .
1	yet , just beneath the surface , there is an insecurity and fear they cannot face .
1	alice must also come to terms with her slowly-returning memories .
1	so this race to reach the diamonds becomes deadlier and all three powers - vikrant , guru and anna clash .
1	she doesn't want christina to suffer as she has , so sam goes to the edge to try to save the life of this lost girl - whether she wants to be saved or not .
1	in the first trip in november 2001 , majidi visited the refugee camp of makaki in a taliban controlled area and mile 46 , another small camp situated in a northern alliance held area .
1	a few questionable actions later on both parties' part , they finally start questioning their actions and their lives .
1	chon's sister , lin ( wong ) , also thirsty for vengeance , stumbles into what appears to be a conspiracy to off the royal family .
1	chon then travels to new york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) .
1	now a full time tattoo artist , he meets a young student named sienna ( de rossi ) who secretly works as a bar stripper .
1	meanwhile , maguire ( jude law ) , another hit man who had done some work for mr . rooney in the past is sent to kill sullivan .
1	a little girl uses her overactive imagination to turn her doll into a real live friend ; but when a monster kidnaps her doll , she must enter a dangerous , surreal world to find the monster and rescue her doll .
1	simon calms his prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; that genuine happiness only comes from the inside .
1	and a good portion of them were caught on film .
1	unable to get time off work his mother leaves him outside in their garden to avoid him causing trouble .
1	inside , an old man lies ill on a bed , attended by his son and daughter-in-law .
1	her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island .
1	using almost no dialogue , the film follows a number of residents ( both human and animal ) of a small rural community in hungary - an old man with hiccups , a shepherdess and her sheep , an old woman who may or may not be up to no good , some folk-singers at a wedding , etc . while most of the film is a series of vignettes , there is a sinister and often barely perceptible subplot involving murder .
1	they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls .
1	before they can begin repairing and towing the ghost ship towards harbor , the crew encounters a series of bizarre ocurrences , and the group becomes trapped inside the ship .
1	frank and steve came to atlantic city twenty years ago to make a big score .
1	he holds her prisoner while awaiting the surgery , but she escapes and hides out until she raises enough money to flee to the u . s . when she arrives in new york , she is placed in a detention center .
1	" pink-loving , blonde-haired harvard law school graduate elle woods ( witherspoon ) returns in this sequel , as she turns her legal and fashion-savvy know-how towards getting a bill passed through congress , relocating a second time , after adapting her beverly hills ways to harvard , and now . . .
1	the film is a poignant story about a unique relationship between a grandfather and his grandson before the boys bar mitzvah .
1	the bounty hunter discovers that his quarry isn't the bad guy he'd been warned about , and the two team up in pursuit of riches stored in a mine in the amazon .
1	eddie is a " normal " dad , who loves life , his job and most of all family .
1	well , he wakes up on the night when the tooth fairy is supposed to come and get his last tooth and sees her .
1	but will's drive for the brass ring hits a last-minute obstacle when his mistress suddenly vanishes - with the capital for his latest plans for expansion .
1	in this prequel to the exorcist , father merrin is a younger man working on a dig in africa .
1	he discovers that his friend has gone into business , and is successfully breeding black chickens .
1	the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers .
1	but then there came toni , an intriguing photographer that seemed to see inside his soul .
1	jim must make it back to his wedding in time , and finch must find the location of stifler's mom's wedding ( ending in 'the graduate' style ) .
1	that enemy has developed a " micro-device " that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will .
1	nora is not interested in foreign political smalltalk , she is after government secrets .
1	she must stand trial to seek freedom from a life of imprisonment .
1	what if your most controversial act turned out to be the most traditional thing in the world ?
1	as bob the tomato and the kids settle in to wait for a tow truck to help get their van back on the road , the " pirates who don't do anything " share a little story about a guy named jonah .
1	her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone .
1	however , she also finds links to a foundation that runs a shelter for battered women , paradiset .
1	japanese animation - or 'anime' for those in the know - boasts one of the fastest growing fan bases in the entertainment industry , as evidenced by returns in the neighborhood of $65 million per year .
1	after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home .
1	after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out .
1	the plants are the only break in the grey monotony around her .
1	told as if reading the pages of a diary , along with a stunning visual style , quiet illustrates that beyond the brink of madness lies one man's sanity .
1	each of them faces a horrible , bizarre death apparently devised by the dead woman's husband , a deranged two truck driver .
1	in this emotionally compelling documentary , sister helen opens a private home for recovering addicts and alcoholics in the south bronx after the death of her husband and two sons .
1	phileine is a super-bitch traveling to new york to visit her boyfriend maxto say sorry , for the first time in her life , for the argument the two of them were having before he left .
1	when a cia agent is killed during a nuclear arms purchase , his partner oakes ( anthony hopkins ) , recruits his twin brother , jake hayes ( chris rock ) .
1	a romantic comedy about a man , a woman , and their dogs .
1	samantha noble ( elizabeth berkley ) is a high-profile magazine editor .
1	eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " .
1	as it spreads among the friends , their true feelings and personalities emerge as they struggle to survive the virus and each other .
1	sudden fame does not seem to solve everything , however .
1	a lot of people go missing in his movie and nobody ever shows back up .
1	from a special little girl , lena grows into an especially fearful adolescent .
1	he dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents , tastes and textures that most cannot perceive .
1	the balance of the movie shows the revenge of the various wronged parties .
1	this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking .
1	a british officer sees the drummer chasing his canteen and mistakes him as a deserter running away through the woods .
1	elizabethean playwright christopher marlowe runs afoul of the queen as well as a jealous male admirer who ultimately hands marlowe's unpublished work to william shakespeare , an unsuccessful scribe who then pilfers marlowe's writings .
1	this results in more deaths , until the ultimate realization that your thoughts and actions are more important than the color of your skin .
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own .
1	fourth generation war hero col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp .
1	but cousin roberto isn't the tough guy they'd expected .
1	connor and murphy are quite content with this " natural " life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn .
1	eight year old maria has her bicycle stolen , and like a lightning from the clear sky ploddy the policicar comes to the rescue !
1	two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch .
1	sassy postgrad elle woods ( witherspoon ) is all about animal rights .
1	only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it .
1	he has come back to visit his mother's grave ( somehow he missed her funeral by just one day ) ; but instead he finds himself in an all too familiar place , a bar .
1	part way through the filming , stevie is arrested and charged with a serious crime that tears his family apart .
1	subconscious art : a product of artistic merit that was created without conscious artistic intentions .
1	they start dating and quickly fall in and out of love , the waitress returning to china .
1	he takes a job as a 4th grade substitute teacher at an uptight private school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful effect on his students .
1	at first suspicious , then curious , and ultimately captivated , he watches as a life unknown to him unfolds before his eyes .
1	those who score well are recruited into a secret paramilitary academy .
1	the war of the ring has now begun . . .
1	adam fields is a rage-filled u . s . border patrol agent who often crosses the line in his job .
1	cathy , a young and innocent freshman , had a crush on senior hunk , nick , the campus' basketball star .
1	young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers .
1	many cannot hold a job , or choose not to .
1	set in 1989 , during the historical week in which the berlin wall came tumbling down .
1	during the course of the night each of the friends comes to terms with their lives and relationships and how they are not whom they thought each other was .
1	with david carradine , theo van gogh , kate clarke and henry jaglom - featuring a soundtrack by grammy nominated composer willie wisely , who also plays the lead character , willie vincent .
1	not only that , cho cho is an expert in martial arts .
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna .
1	besides being performers , they are also political activists - in aids awareness , anti-gay violence , the sex workers movement and the struggle against the extreme right and racism .
1	just teetering south of puberty , young thomas harris has discovered that instead of looking at stars , he can use his new telescope to study the beautiful woman next door .
1	they're a conveyance true , but they can also become the unlikely place for a rendezvous .
1	haruna passes her days looking at the sea , her beautiful face is bandaged .
1	the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai .
1	a tale of three women who have reached a turning point in their lives .
1	nete's husband seeks comfort outside of their home , her daughter begins to rebel , and as the relationship between nete and her father has not been too good for years , things are bound to explode .
1	in this high-school coming of age romantic comedy and with 2 months of summer vacation ahead of them , fresh graduates kiki ( charlene choi ) and kammy ( gillian chung ) swear to look for their first boyfriends and bring them to show their schoolmates at the high school reunion .
1	as they become jaded by watching these brutal fights , and betting becomes boring , the bosses realize that they need to take the fights to a new limit .
1	the movie takes place in mexico , 2002 ( based on a story from the 1800's ) .
1	but now , hogwarts students are strangely being turned into stone .
1	after all , she is the woman of his dreams .
1	his peace is shattered in august 1947 , however , when india is granted independence .
1	based on brett easton ellis's novel , the story deals with a drug dealer at a vermont school , who becomes entangled in a love triangle with a girl whom he likes , but he sleeps with her roommate , and a guy who has a crush on him .
1	the controversial bad-boy of comedy delivers a piercing look at his life , lifting the metaphorical smokescreen that he feels has clouded the public view , commenting on everything from the dangers of smoking to the trials of relationships , and unleashing a nonstop litany of raucous anecdotes , stinging social commentary and very personal reflections about life .
1	a fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from harlem who enrolls in a southern university , expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory .
1	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual .
1	cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o .
1	arjun is already the number one person on several men&#180 ; s hit lists and must overcome this and everything he encounters on his hunt .
1	mitch ( michael paloma ) , our leading man , is an ex-desert storm hero with a lot of bad luck .
1	he faces the hostility and malice of the modern world .
1	no matter what people tried , nothing could stop the water .
1	his plan goes awry , however , when the group is forced to work for a drug ring .
1	fearing also for the safety of her daughter , she decides that there's only one way out of the marriage : kill him .
1	even though frode is only 7 years old , he doesn't really believe in monsters .
1	he is under the impression that rupi is dead .
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost .
1	when spain and portugal physically separate from the continent , the detached iberian peninsula aimlessly floats off to sea , becoming home to a group of god-like humans .
1	unfortunately , her father has forbidden her to climb because of an accident he had on mount everest .
1	when possum lodge is taken to court by big-shot executive robert stiles ( richard fitzpatrick ) , whose limousine was damaged while parking at the lodge , the boys are ordered to pay $10 , 000 in damages within ten days - or their beloved lodge will become property of the town .
1	he goes to a small room downtown , where he finds some rich asian teenager punks who are slumming it in their own little kick pad .
1	fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death .
1	the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother .
1	but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop .
1	his love changes vesa , who till then has been fraught with malice to everybody .
1	he lives his life in solitude , keeping his girlfriend at arm's length ; the closest relationship he maintains is with his partner , reg--and vincent makes sure that stops at the precinct door .
1	wallowing in self-pity for years , he decides to commit suicide .
1	he is extremely strict at work and believes in pushing his workers to the limit .
1	in the early 1900's , a new invention ( and one of the very first uses of the electric motor ) was created to address the 'problem' of women's hysteria .
1	" bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; buddy george will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them to move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for violence impact every aspect of their lives .
1	at the same time other changes in sumo are being prompted by its growing popularity in the west , where its adherents are lobbying for sumo's inclusion in the olympic games even as other promoters are arranging amateur sumo tournaments in venues like las vegas casinos - tournaments that not surprisingly bear little resemblance to the sport's japanese forebear .
1	in prospect bay , a remote outpost on the south australian coast , two communities , the goonyas ( whites ) and the nungas ( blacks ) , come together on the one field they have in common , the football field .
1	the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church .
1	naxalites are becoming more and more popular among tribles because of their capacity to give instant justice and more and more youths are joining them .
1	as time races on 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been kidnapped by big yard .
1	and a lyrical portrait of the ever-present guardians who preserve life's natural harmony .
1	initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better of him .
1	when her girlfriend decides to move away and lucy can't find the courage to go with her , she winds up in bed with her best friend from high school , dante .
1	set in malaya during the japanese occupation in the 1940s , this film tells the story of a girl , embun , who's thrown into the forefront of the struggle against the japanese when her freedom-fighter brother , bayu , and father are detained by the japanese .
1	they are soon caught up in the erotic nature of the chat sessions they host , changing both their lives .
1	an army of shadows kidnaps anyone who's out after dark and the patrolling thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone .
1	while gertie is able to manipulate ollie with the finesse of an adult , she is ultimately daddy's little girl .
1	meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past .
1	this movie attempts to reconstruct the bankruptcy of the banco ambrosiano bank and its liaisons with the vatican and the masonry through the story of its president roberto calvi , notoriously found dead under the blackfriars bridge in london in june 1982 .
1	but then everything changes when they discover the world's biggest nugget - worth many millions of dollars .
1	price has to pretend he is also gay in order to stay hidden .
1	as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a comedic rivalry with the chapman academy tough-as-nails director , ms . harridan ( anjelica huston ) .
1	but with little hope of breaking the game's vicious cycle of money , dark deeds and long spells of incarceration , mel's life represents everything tiz is trying to escape .
1	jake , a . k . a . michael turner , has nine days to fill his brother's place .
1	" in that sleep of death what dreams may come . . "
1	a young novelist , tormented by his family's history and haunted by the specter of his long-dead , more famous ancestor , falls in love with a woman , a distant relative of his ancestor , whose friends and family begin to disappear mysteriously .
1	to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband .
1	while investigating a career-making cover story about a mysterious billionaire ( jason priestley ) , she finds herself accused of murder .
1	the rabbi refuses , but gives goldman peculiar advice on how to do away with her , setting into motion a series of unexpected events .
1	the submarine's crew , led by the unyielding captain alexi vostrikov , races against time to prevent a chernobyl-like nuclear disaster which threatens not only the lives of his crew , but has the potential to ignite a world war between the super powers .
1	scared and confused , frank and caroline must find their way back home , all the while avoiding danger at every turn .
1	leon ( revilla ) , known as kilabot , is an nbi agent who also works as a tattoo artist by day .
1	in the end , we go back to a bedroom , one we saw in the very first scene and realize that this story was actually being told by lucy to jess , the lawyer she's been seeing , two weeks before lucy is scheduled to leave for the writing fellowship .
1	through his grandmother's boundless patience and devotion , he learns to embrace empathy , humility and the importance of family .
1	director alex halpern's feature-length documentary , nine good teeth , unfolds through the stories and recollections of his 102-year-old grandmother mary mirabito , an outspoken and fiercely independent woman .
1	as austin chases dr . evil , mini-me and goldmember through time , he stops in 1975 to " connect " with an old girlfriend , detective foxy cleopatra , and requests her help to track the villains and save his father .
1	and it seems that the only thing that he can't do , is alter a person's free will , so if he wants her back , he has to do it the hard way .
1	to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other .
1	blake falls in love with melinda but the master compels blake to marry ariel against his will to keep him away from melinda his kept woman .
1	owners who will do almost anything to keep them running .
1	how has the " excitement " of the 70's turned into the " blandness " of today ?
1	red and the boys embark on a road trip across the country , en route to a duct tape festival in the usa , where they intend to win first prize by creating a sculpture made of at least 50% duct tape .
1	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm .
1	the regulus submarines were the forerunners of these weapons , and proved the concept that stabilized the cold war .
1	when his sister meets a grisly death in san francisco , he goes there to hunt her killer .
1	but early on there are signs of trouble , and lena is prey to suspicions no one else need consider : a new face may be a new kid in town-or a face from the grave .
1	the two , along with their agent , go on a year long string of tryouts , impressing major league scouts with mid 90 mph pitching .
1	vijay singh rajput ( amitabh bachchan ) is a quirky manager of vilasrao jefferson bank .
1	it takes viewers on an intimate road trip across north america - from a polyamory conference in the catskills , a swingers' convention in las vegas , to long-term multipartner families in california .
1	it deals with fascistic pseudo-darwinism and artificial corruptability , with the makers of kulturfilm who put their avant-garde narrative , filmic and editing techniques to the service of fascism .
1	unable to remember his name or anything from his past life , he cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track .
1	but as each retreats into their private worlds of fantasy , a much more lively story unfolds - a story of confrontations that should have happened , of secrets that need to be revealed .
1	principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville .
1	the trouble is , something is already waiting for them inside - something that doesn't want them to leave .
1	brings back nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman .
1	klaus is an actor and lives a life between attack and escape from love and desperation .
1	when they goes to the fence to get them , they discover that someone stole them .
1	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew .
1	in these times of enlightened sexual politics , ted davis is a scoring machine .
1	can martin regain his better self - and not lose paula ?
1	" the bride " was once part of a group of world class female assassins , until the group leader , " bill " and the other assassins turn against her .
1	his older brother dale , suspects that there is nothing wrong with brian and that this is just a ploy for more attention .
1	the film , a follow-up to " jack the dog " , is described as a black comedy about a reformed womanizer ( nestor carbonell ) who struggles to keep his family together .
1	harnessing the explosive momentum of the internet , anime heralds a revolution in 21st century youth culture .
1	an unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion .
1	frank spens his days paying for his past sins and steve wants to be dean martin in " oceans 11 " .
1	in late summer 1973 , michael skid , the son of a well-to-do judge , returns home and rents a dilapidated farm .
1	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . .
1	he's made a mistake and he's trying to pay for it but he doesn't know if there is enough money in the world .
1	having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing but her own , anne marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . .
1	the project of pre-crime , at the time being in a state of trial run , is going to be voted about in the near future .
1	but on the wedding day , they also sign a divorce agreement which is effective one year after their marriage .
1	alone in a cell , she undergoes a spiritual experience similar to that of the great mystics .
1	the girls have unwittingly botched up a diamond delivery to the middle east .
1	" frida " chronicles the life frida kahlo ( salma hayek ) shared unflichingly and openly with diego rivera ( alfred molina ) , as the young couple took the art world by storm .
1	a gang of robbers , lead by career criminal charlie croker , create the largest traffic jam in los angeles history , giving them time to pull off a theft of gold bullion .
1	a man who travels back to the house of his father , grandfather and backwards .
1	after the death of his mother , a middle-aged man seeks the admiration of his nephew by inviting him to a hotel in a seedy riverbend town .
1	when a dozen graves are desecrated in rural texas , five young people in their 20's investigate , eventually ending up being chased by a family of cannibals , led by a towering and insane brute , dressed in human skins , called leatherface .
1	dr . siddharth sinha ( amitabh bachchan ) , a philanthropist and a dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to build a state-of-the-art hospital to treat the underprivileged patients .
1	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation .
1	or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company .
1	from the late master filmmaker krzysztof kieslowski comes 'heaven' , the first installment of a trilogy .
1	'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is an author whose writer's block and gambling debts have landed him in a jam .
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace .
1	in the 1880's , chon wang ( jackie chan ) 's father and keeper of the imperial seal has been murdered by parliament and royal family member rathbone ( aidan gillen ) , ( who steals the imperial seal ) with chon wang's sister , chon lin ( fann wong ) witnessing the murder .
1	haris seems to be an all-american guy except that he creates strange installations of hanging ropes , and suffers from terrible visions- of himself as a child in afghanistan in traditional dress , of smoke and bombs , of his dead parents and the russian soldier who shot them during the soviet invasion .
1	max finally decides to help the fbi by describing his constant dreams about the kidnapping .
1	sean , an all go no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder .
1	a slick new york publicist ( farrell ) who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up , he'll be killed . . .
1	they come across each other again and want to make their fathers' wish come true , so they arrange for yoyo and cheung to meet in london .
1	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive .
1	area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters .
1	meanwhile in india , vikrant announces grand prize money to those who tell him the whereabouts of guru .
1	her strong relationship with her father , howard , is evident as she shares the hopelessness of her marriage .
1	then a young colorado woman ( beth ulrich ) moves across the hall and things look up , until he learns that she has a total backwoods quality that he doesn't know how to handle .
1	martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible .
1	shot in the spectacular sierra nevada mountains , " the last place on earth " is a funny , moving film about food , passion , love and a one eared dog .
1	vince runs into julie , an old friend of the family , who teaches art at the local elementary school .
1	when he begins the mission he meets the exuberant tina ( kareena kapoor ) .
1	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life .
1	" politics are murder " is a " film noir " comedy mixing dry martinis with politics and murder .
1	when a depressed marketing executive goes to a psychiatrist for help , he discovers the doctor is crazier than he is .
1	she's aided by his faithful bodyguard , with whom she soon falls in love .
1	now joined by teiresias , the former king forces his daughter back to her senses and the horrifying realization that not only is her son dead , but that agave herself was " amongst his butchers . "
1	they both get close to tun , a lonely youth with an unspecified illness .
1	what began as an audio-visual recording of the nine months of director jacqueline liebman's pregnancy as she and her boyfriend dealt with the fact that they were totally unprepared as parents .
1	when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity .
1	the focus of this story takes place at an annual drag-racing event in fresno , as manuel tries to retain his championship title .
1	her struggle for freedom and a sense of identity culminates in a conflict where the one love may not be the one you can trust and the habits with which one sleepwalks through life are not easily broken .
1	before long , the bay boy of bowls is turning the sedate and very english pastime upside down with hysterical results .
1	this attractive , 30 year old successful graphic designer with a captivating personality hasn't had a good date in over a year , and she's not alone - her best friends share the same problem .
1	bret packard is rich , famous , good-looking , and set to win his fourth championship ring .
1	however , as ancanar grew into manhood , he became restless .
1	after five years of research and shooting , this unique film is now completed .
1	arcangel and his son travel to hometown , the familiy house looks abandoned , only isabel , a misterious old woman , is there .
1	moreover , he strongly believes in moulding his students by using principles .
1	in an attempt to prove the 58 million dollar claim on the ship is false , she flies to argentina and becomes embroiled in a dangerous web of deceit , lies , murder and lost love .
1	the third , roger corman , flees to the alien countryside where he decides to begin a violent quest to find out the truth behind his mission .
1	the daughter of italian immigrants born in s&#227 ; o paulo , she had to overcome traumas , among these , the suicide of her parents .
1	they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father .
1	the cousins work nights at a local mall as security guards .
1	a young korean war veteran returns home to find his parents have died and his wife has left him for another man .
1	arroz con mango is a light romantic comedy about people and their drives .
1	can henrik win the competition and elena's heart , and what will happen with the magic shoes ?
1	not just any dress , this is a 1930s parisian ball gown , and the two women's respective desires for it are played out to a comical through bitter end .
1	as the death toll mounts , it falls to detective maria delgado - mistrusted outsider from madrid ( played by mira sorvino ) - to stop the bizarre killings .
1	in betsy , she finds a dark mirror of herself - a lonely , angry , complex woman whose own troubled past proves disturbingly close to her own .
1	together , ethan and rachel navigate the course of a relationship that is as infuriating as it is inspired , as tender as it is passionate .
1	these three girls are part of what is referred to today as the 'stolen generations . '
1	but as the roles get bigger , the competition gets stronger , the stakes get higher , and now with an undercover thespian cop on his trail , max must struggle with his ongoing road to success and the choices he's made .
1	at the beginning , the cast assembles for a seemingly traditional wedding shower .
1	when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx .
1	his own colleagues after him , john follows a very small trace that might hold the key to his innocence , a strange unsolved yet predicted murder and a so-called " minority report " , a documentation of one of the rare events in which a precog sees something different than the other two .
1	when she was a little child she was given up for adoption and now she is ready to discover the story of her life .
1	cathy ( julianne moore ) is the perfect 50s housewife , living the perfect 50s life : healthy kids , successful husband , social prominence .
1	she files for divorce , and marco makes a decision that will change all their lives .
1	chris initiates an affair with ellen ; katrin walks in on them while they are bathing together .
1	a moving love story and thought-provoking drama about a young catholic nurse who secretly falls in love with a terminally-ill boy in the proper world of 1957 .
1	sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind .
1	together , they cross the border into vast reaches of canadian wilderness for an unforgettable four days " full of terror , full of wonder . "
1	after finding the plane and its crew torn to shreds , the group tries to piece together clues about what could be responsible for the carnage .
1	a timeless , coming of age story set against the epic , sweeping landscape of north africa .
1	and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly .
1	eddie is investigated and forced to exile himself from his family until the matter is dealt with .
1	they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good .
1	but this time , lucy , instead of thinking of herself first is able to comfort dante and forgive his momentary rage .
1	disturbing for its unabashed honesty , our cast of characters both love and despise each other , their very actions acknowledging the pressures inherent in a tightly bonded peer group .
1	the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending .
1	stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives .
1	they can not give her an explanation for these dreams .
1	reapers , a new breed of vampire that feed off humans and vampires , emerge with plans for world domination and blade must team with the bloodpack , an elite team of vampire warriors specifically trained to hunt him , in order to defeat this new menace .
1	the unluckiest man in vegas ( william h . macy ) - a guy whose bad luck is contagious - is used by the last of the old time mob run casinos to kill high rollers' action .
1	a master at being everybody but himself he reveals to his friend and confidant saiid ( isa totah ) the truth behind his struggles .
1	having given permission to male nurse greg focker to marry his daughter , ex-cia man jack byrnes and his wife travel to detroit to greg's parents , who this time around are mr . and mrs . focker , who are as different from them as can be .
1	his model girl friend ( anne marie johnson ) immediately leaves him .
1	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed .
1	meena , a 12-year-old living in a mining village in the english midlands in 1972 , is the daughter of indian parents who've come to england to give her a better life .
1	a group of british students enbark on summoning spirits on a ouija board after a night of clubbing .
1	the story revolves around a dying father and his son , who is trying to learn more about his dad by piecing together the stories he has gathered over the years .
1	he has been with his girlfriend for 9 months too long .
1	the making of the dragon is a comedic satire ( not a spoof ) of the kung-fu film genre .
1	the webster family stopped having christmas together several years ago when the fighting and accidents became too much .
1	change up is a documentary that follows the lives of best friends , rafael " pepey " rodriguez , and alex sosa , two hard throwing pitchers from the economically poor , but baseball rich island of the dominican republic .
1	hoping to capitalize on the tragedy , the agent plans to unlock the secrets left behind in the scattered ashes .
1	an ambitious , young female journalist , with an insatiable curiosity for getting to the bottom of the story , is having a torrid affair with a married man .
1	when not solving murders in tinseltown , detective joe gavilan and his rookie partner kasey calden both moonlight in other fields : gavilan sells real estate ( poorly ) , and calden aspires to become an actor ( brando , namely ) .
1	they , the teen learns , have discovered a spring that makes them immortal .
1	ray's always playing the angles , and he's got his eye on a horse that's cheap because it's been misdiagnosed .
1	now , all the mutants need to fight together against an enemy in common : general william stryker , who is planning to destroy them all .
1	sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . "
1	these people , most of whom were american citizens , were taken from their homes and sent to " relocation " camps in desolate , isloated areas .
1	all kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm climates .
1	while enders is initially frustrated with his assignment , his respect grows as the codetalkers prove their worth in the brutal battle to take saipan .
1	with a little help from the well connected and seductive daughter of a columbian gangster , he becomes a drug kingpin with a nationwide monopoly on drug running .
1	hale bopp is the story of just such a woman ; her name is rachel .
1	her building's doorman ( newhart ) quickly shows her the ways and workings of our nation's capital .
1	tony stilano and trev spackneys both own , live over and work in adjoining take-away fish shops in melbourne .
1	the hilarity belies the poignancy of truth and love and the laughter is punctuated with honesty , tenderness and pain .
1	based on a true story about ryan dunn's ex girlfriend , and how she cheated on him all the time , with him and his friends always having to spy on her .
1	hosts of hooded penitents parade through the ancient , narrow streets of the old town in time-honoured ritual .
1	they intend to bring her back to tel-aviv in order to save her life .
1	tells the humorous and touching story of six former creative anarchists who lived as house squatters in berlin during its heyday in the 80s when berlin was still an island in the middle of the former eastern germany .
1	after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that can't miss .
1	he also meets yuki , a 9-year-old guitar prodigy , who could help dewey win a " battle of the bands " competition , which would solve his financial problems and put him back in the spotlight .
1	a happy young couple , sarah and tom ( brittany murphy and ashton kutcher ) marry against the wishes of sarah's friends and family and go to europe for their honeymoon .
1	thirty years ago he was a poor worker who left his girlfriend to pursuit his dream of success .
1	frustrated and angered by a system that doesn't seem to work , sam hands in his resignation .
1	he has been detained there as a result of planted incriminating evidence of unlawful investigation techniques .
1	watch as the archetypal stories of life and death , love and renewal , and battles between good and evil cross lines of culture and class to speak in the language of raw human emotion .
1	the film is based on the story of a drug lord barrillo , who pretends to overthrow the mexican president .
1	special agent rachel anderson is charged with protecting a key witness , richard harper .
1	martin is going on a blinddate and in his internal government the ministers are preparing for a routine state visit .
1	a spirit is haunting sanjana , while aditya is hiding a secret that could steer him from life to death .
1	raj has always had a unrequited childhood crush on a friend named tina , but tina's best friend pooja has always had a crush on raj .
1	henrik meets the mysterious bag lady , who gives him a pair of magic shoes that make him dance like a dream .
1	tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) .
1	together , they team up on an adventure that would take them to some very unexpected places and people .
1	the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) .
1	each has their reason for wanting to be there - fame , money , adventure .
1	a hitchcockian thriller in the spirit of 'rope' and agatha christie's 'ten little indians' that begs the question can murder , if done well , be considered art ?
1	finally , the unequal lovers end up as fugitives from justice - but for how long ?
1	angry and confused teen runaways come and go at the shelter , as steve learns he is not alone in his predicament and that the streets offer a harsh reality .
1	but when de niro finds out the woman has been targeted for murder , he and his agoraphobic roommate are forced to leave the apartment ( after six years ) to save her life .
1	nete's father does not die , his appetite comes back , the doctors begin to have doubts as to the prognosis , and nete has a problem .
1	a dozen years later we find west is an inmate at a forbidding old prison .
1	roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question .
1	an observation and reflection on contemporary life in the uk from a director with unique eclectic vision , a poetical attempt at defining what it is to live in this country .
1	a " popular yet mean-spirited " teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's ( schneider ) .
1	after repeated trips to cuba , the schendel brothers succeed in taking a close look into the underground world of cuban cars , finding along the way a gallery of eccentric characters - the curators of the largest , living , automobile museum in the world .
1	after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three " visions " of his son's life .
1	they then took over a pub in glenrowan , where they basically held a party , waiting for a train full of police to derail at a part of the track that they tore up .
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon .
1	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him .
1	at his request , she puts him to death to end his suffering and is subsequently charged with murder .
1	her harrowing story ends in victory , but she has not forgotten the thousands of asylum seekers who remain in detention today .
1	for once the kids don't let sam down - and they're not likely to forget the lessons they've learned .
1	along the way he picks up a pastor who desires to learn the deeper things of god .
1	most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before .
1	at the height of hitler's infamous u-boat war , the crew of the u . s . s .
1	they work things out ( somewhat ) during a night in the emergency room .
1	jonah was kind of like a mailman except his messages came straight from god .
1	stuart's mother is being over-protective of him , especially when he narrowly escapes injury in a soccer game .
1	he tells her to keep fighting for her goals but still to compromise .
1	what he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the disguisey family secret legacy .
1	financially strapped and untrained in anything but basketball , jamal comes up with a plan so outrageous it just might work : dress up like a woman and try out for the woman's basketball league .
1	the backyard follows several backyard wrestlers in different countries as they pursue their dream to become professional wrestlers .
1	but genevieve is anticipating exactly that type of response from starla and soon turns everyone , including starla's friends and family , against her by playing the poor victim and making it appear that starla's the aggressor .
1	they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man .
1	in a town of good intentions , memorbale characters and nothing much to do , the truth has a way of catching up with you .
1	forced to exist between living and dead , and only revealing their skeleton forms in the moonlight , the pirates intend to use elizabeth's blood and necklace ( a part of their curse ) to return to their normal state .
1	kok pin is creative and a born artist but his parents would rather he focus on his maths and sciences .
1	a private eye in the mold of those great 40's movie detectives .
1	but all efforts are suddenly frustrated once again , when choi takes his own life .
1	however , tania , his wife , tries to push him away from his criminal life , with no success .
1	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) .
1	in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug .
1	a number of new allies join with aragorn , gimli , legolas , pippin and merry .
1	an interview with rick rescorla , head of security for morgan stanley dean witter , filmed in his office on the 44th floor of the world trade center in 1998 .
1	accompanied by his assistant bough ( ben miller ) , johnny bungles his way through one scrape after another .
1	peter must relive this brief moment at the party until he gets it right and wins jen's heart .
1	she is forced to approach roxie with an offer of a part in her vaudville act ( filling the gap left by her murdered sister ) , but roxie turns down her offer flat , thinking she needs no support in topping the bill .
1	his shiftlessness and his drinking have begun to jeopardize his relationship with his sultry girlfriend , tracy , with whom steve is secretly infatuated .
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing .
1	using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time .
1	in the dark silence of the sea during world war ii , the submarine u . s . s .
1	he is in search for his salvation and his son salvation from a family curse .
1	caught between their past and their future , both are struggling to find a way to become independent women in a place where everyone and everything seems to conspire to make them return to the roles of children under the rule of formidable parents .
1	after happily flunking out of several prep schools , igby escapes into the bohemian underworld of manhattan .
1	winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds .
1	when the apocalypse arrives , it takes the form of a bio-chemical virus , contaminating the cities , mountains , and shorelines .
1	20 , 000 years before , our planet is entering an ice age .
1	at the end of the second world war , 38 year-old career soldier gian singh resigns his commission with the british indian army and returns to his childhood village , near the border with pakistan .
1	daddy &#38 ; papa explores the growing phenomenon of gay fatherhood and its impact on american culture .
1	when joe , a us navy seal , and katsuragi , a japanese detective , join forces to stop the circulation of blood heat , they are taken to an underground martial arts tournament in the muscle dome held by the yakuza and triads , where the fighters are blood heat users .
1	kilabot is now off to save sienna and to avenge kamandag's death .
1	both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground .
1	then from 1983 to 1984 , the " stander gang " ( stander , alan heyl &#38 ; patrick mccall ) rob as many as four banks a day .
1	this moving documentary tells the story of thomas and his relationship with blalock , one that ushered in advances in surgery that are still in existence today .
1	kanna is intelligent and presently doing final year mbbs in nagpur .
1	to the outside , he is a faithful servant and a fierce protector of the organization , but inside he is full of doubt .
1	bruce nolan ( carrey ) , a television reporter in buffalo , n . y . , is discontented with almost everything in life despite his popularity and the love of his girlfriend , grace ( aniston ) .
1	at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) .
1	while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a local latina girl who quickly becomes pregnant .
1	when a harmonium and a mysterious woman ( emily watson ) enter his life , his romantic journey begins .
1	although forcibly baptized , the sisters are chased through christendom until they arrive in venice .
1	although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness .
1	the answer involves an insane florist , an irate fruit cart vendor , and a slimy lawyer named uncle stan .
1	through time travel wells and twain team up with sir arthur conan doyle and a young jules verne and wind up in the year 2001 seeing results of their writings that help in their attempts to find dr . noah and save the world from destruction .
1	the brittle containment of the surface is no match for the volatile eruptions from the unspoken interior - a harrowing and erotic underworld of need and confession that permits the release of all that has been silenced .
1	he seeks the wisdom of his friend and confidant saiid and together their attempts to give niche his identity leads to more problems . . . in
1	because of his shame , bobby undergoes a type of 'splitting' where a decrepit , ghoulish version of him is separated from his healthy self .
1	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney .
1	the planet however is populated by murderous psychopaths who kill two of the astronauts right away .
1	her father is livid over her dating a non-greek .
1	needless to say , both carlos and mickey are burning to get out of the heights .
1	and that's what you get when sampling the wonderful idiosyncrasies in this love story on espresso .
1	everyone around graham has their reasons why he should or shouldn't fully recover . . .
1	tranquilino , the grand grand father looked at the eyes of the coyote , since then the horror of a crime and the hell of being unable to sleep will chase them .
1	harbour falls in love with alice and soon all four of them are closely intertwined in each other's lives - and perhaps even deaths .
1	unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams .
1	to lena , vaughn represents the life she is running away from .
1	he was married to former adult star <a href= " /name ? holmes , %20laurie " >laurie
1	their original calendars showed lovely scenes of the yorkshire dales .
1	so she invites niko to finish his erotic tale over a drink at her apartment !
1	purpo$e is the story of young internet entrepreneur , john elias .
1	bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all , melanie sneaks back home to alabama to confront her past , only to discover that you can take the girl out of the south , but you can never take the south out of the girl .
1	or does kip just want to destroy the planet ?
1	fame hungry roxie hart dreams of a life on the vaudville stage , and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of chicago , continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos .
1	seven years later , the submarine uss tunny successfully launched the regulus nuclear cruise missile , and a whole new era in the history of the navy , the submarine and the cold war began !
1	he has yet to break out from under his mentor's shadow until he finds a pair of love letters in the textbook that once belonged to one of his idols , a famous long dead victorian poet .
1	not knowing that the others have also been invited , they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways .
1	one monday a pretty girl gets on the bus and sits in front of him .
1	are the experiences of the main character profound , or simply routine ?
1	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! !
1	shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom .
1	one night , a stranger leaves a savage death threat on sam's phone machine .
1	rio danisworo ( marcellius siahaan ) is a rigid " all about business " young profesional .
1	john quincy archibald's son michael collapses while playing baseball as a result of a heart failure .
1	halpern and rolov follow three young men : 23-year old straight-laced circuit virgin , brandon ; 21-year old party boy with a drug problem , tone ; and sensitive but strong-willed 19-year old , jon .
1	when his only friend and co-worker dies , a young man born with dwarfism moves to an abandoned train depot in rural new jersey .
1	with billy badly wounded , hotly pursued by a determined sheriff , the gang makes an unexpected and unwelcome visit .
1	he can remember nothing and begins to try to rebuild his memory based on clues such as the swiss bank account , the number of which , is implanted in his hip .
1	leela is a film based on the south asian-american experience .
1	as his friends , family and representatives come to his aid , scotty's inability to write propels his life into a direction from which he may not be able to regain control .
1	desperate ) ones who undergo sexually-charged secret rituals and become the 'the chosen few' .
1	in his flight he encounters sonya , a young bosnian mother desperately trying to return home to see her son .
1	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie .
1	before he can complete his task he meets a young women d&#218 ; a ( margr&#233 ; t vilhj&#225 ; lmsd&#243 ; ttir ) who he believes might be his daughter .
1	bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to be a screenwriter .
1	having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take .
1	instead of admitting his guilt , the detective is given an unexpected alibi , but this " solution " only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner's death .
1	together they discover that a corporation funds and is profitting from the plantation-like work environment they are forced to work under .
1	this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse .
1	along the way she must fend off the unwelcome advances of national tv talk-show host krystal ( with a k ) , her seedy pop svengali phil spectacle , and her enigmatic live-in sidekick dromedary girl ; as well as avoiding detection by natasha , the bewildered international spy with a penchant for inner monologues , who in turn may just bring reinalda's mysterious past back to haunt her one final time . . .
1	a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love .
1	beginning with the fundamental principle that the exercise of violence against civilian populations is terror , regardless of whether the perpetrator is a well-organized band of muslim extremists , or the most powerful state in the world .
1	" issaquena " chronicles the decay of a wealthy mississippi delta family in the 1930's .
1	but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . .
1	john , a computer whiz on the rebound from a disastrous break-up , starts an adult internet site with his roommate , moe .
1	four outlandish but faithful men , a moslem , a hindu , a jew and a christian coincidently meet up a mountain , at an altitude of 3000 metres .
1	a woman who is again able to reach out for love .
1	meanwhile , frodo and sam force gollum to guide them through mordor , trusting him with their lives .
1	when jason sees a movie preview of his story , he and best friend kaylee ( amanda bynes ) go to los angeles to make wolf confess to using jason's story as well as to clear jason's name and to get him out of having to attend summer school .
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined &#38 ; the lives of the four friends are jeopardized as one falls victim to cociety's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise .
1	the cooler is bernie lootz ( william h . macy ) , and the cooler is a love story about the changing fortunes of this down-at-heels loser who has made a career out of spreading his virulent bad luck on the floor of las vegas' aging shangri-la casino .
1	the two join forces to find out who wants her dead and why .
1	it's an instant success for simon , he meets the delightful mia who immediately takes a liking to him .
1	katie is a young girl who loves to climb .
1	especially one of them , holo tokyo boy , was designed to be her lover .
1	a boy named frank ( pidgeon ) and his sister caroline ( podbielska ) find themselves in attic town after investigating strange noises coming from the house top .
1	he then begins his official duties as development chief of mepe by assessing the needs of the schools and hospitals .
1	challenges of love , aptitude , and character are presented and won with fun and intensity while our rambunctious housemates grow emotionally , spiritually , and perhaps a bit more tipsy .
1	chicago's newspapers love the nitty-gritty and velma is at the top of the headlines .
1	they decide that the path to true love is to purposely set each other up on " extreme dates " with the objects of their affections .
1	the fortune-teller's mentally retarded nephew , who comes to hear the prophesy , follows the girl .
1	the tucks have a secret , they're immortal . they
1	it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free .
1	however , instead of bringing the prime minister down , ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness' , making the prime minister and his government more popular than ever .
1	an experimental documentary about a family's loss of a child and the struggle between remembrance and forgetting .
1	the film shows the relationship of the couple in love mid hope , difficulties , and misencounters in a beautiful and violent metropolis .
1	after a long inventory of break-up mishaps , nick enlists the help of his best friend to plan the perfect escape from his overbearing girlfriend .
1	but jim's team , knowing their coach is a great ball player , makes a deal with him : if they win the district championship , they want jim to try out for a major-league organization .
1	during lunch , michael , plays his well-used race card to make victoria uncomfortable .
1	one thursday evening , their disagreements reach a fever pitch - anna is incensed that her mother doesn't support her musical aspirations and tess , a widow about to remarry , can't see why anna won't give her fiance ( mark harmon ) a break .
1	the fact that the filmmakers family is integral to this slice of life takes us that much closer to it all .
1	there's ushi , harry's lawyer , who knows something about harry lena doesn't know , eddie , a friend of harry and his new girlfriend pol , and at last , there are two policemen who are in fact unwelcome .
1	behind in rent , losing any real day jobs they have , they plan a bank robbery .
1	she confronts him , but the smooth talking mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at his house .
1	freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is desparate to kill , but he can't since the parents of elm street have been doping their kids up with dream suppressants .
1	he returns to chris who then sends him with the money he got from the drugs , to an old racist drunk gunrunner named harry , to buy a gun .
1	unwilling to pay such a price for material success , she runs away to calcutta .
1	when all seems hopeless , ted gets some guidance from his good friend meg that turns the situation around : " don't scam on her , listen to her , be sincere . "
1	the assembled team includes local guide clayton tyne ( russel ferrier ) , renowned wilderness expert and author winston burg ( phil granger ) and the beautiful marla lawson ( andrea roth ) .
1	fresh from a series of emotional traumas , allison is distrustful and not so easily rescued , though over a period of two days she comes to regard her idealization of dylan as a last opportunity for security and happiness .
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn ( an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars ) of impending danger , only to find himself face-to-face with the most fearsome creatures in the galaxy .
1	the companies' ceos and attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation , at an off-shore location .
1	george discovers both the princess and the truth behind her strange disappearance .
1	he spends each night lying awake in torment , waiting and watching as the evil in the darkness grows stronger , feeding off his fear .
1	concerned that his son is going to embarrass him during his campaign to become the governor of california , brad's wealthy father and his campaign manager ( underwood ) , hire two juilliard-trained actors ( diggs and anderson ) to disguise themselves as " real life gangstaz " , and kidnap his son , dropping him off in the " real hood " in compton , in an effort to scare the ghettofied attitude and behavior out of him .
1	as they work the case , veteran detective eldon perry , known for his tough street tactics and fiery temper , tutors sis rookie bobby keough in the grim realities of police intimidation and corruption .
1	he also doesn't realize that he accidentally left one of his shoes there .
1	shot as a " behind-the-scenes " look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie .
1	rodney boland is a professional hit man who " services " politicians and their wealthy backers .
1	a young aboriginal man max stuart , was convicted of murder in the light of questionable evidence presented , of nine year old mary hattam near ceduna , on the south coast of australia .
1	the story takes place in vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwi's .
1	a newscaster for the channel 7 eyewitness news complains about how god has only made his life a total waste .
1	this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball .
1	an eager young englishman is dispatched to sarawak to become part of the british colonial government , encounters some unorthodox local traditions , and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful young selima , the unwitting object of his affections .
1	this curious figure gives nicholas the impression he is pressing his young son closer to the girls in his life and away from bobby .
1	throughout their journey they survive gun battles , vicious hand to hand fighting , vision blurring car chases and a heart stopping train wreck hundreds of feet above a rocky gorge .
1	their marriage turns into a downward spiral where she works at a local strip club and starts having an affair with her husbands best friend , freddy .
1	barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love .
1	three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings .
1	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india .
1	but seemingly coming to her rescue is isabelle ( tina krause ) , a mysterious and voluptuous woman who offers her food and shelter .
1	this documentary captures the life story of legendary hollywood producer and studio chief robert evans .
1	beary , a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears coexist , attempts to trace his roots .
1	the only way out for johnny is to play brad , which results in a " race to nine " showdown that pits two of the greatest players against each other for large sums of money , and johnny and danny's lives .
1	just when it seems martha's influence may be having a favorable effect on greg's attitude , his old ways win out .
1	rounding out the romantic possibilities is bobby , the bartender who flirts with beth .
1	but later that year she was gunned down by assasins hired by the same criminal drug lords she exposed .
1	undecided about his future , yun fei , an unknown young poet , goes to visit an old university friend in the suburbs of beijing to seek his advice .
1	or so he thinks until the blackmailer pulls a u-turn on rodney .
1	after john anderton lost his son to a crime a six years ago , he took up drugs , and works the precog division like nobody else .
1	with films like 'mouna ragam' , 'alaipayuthe' and now 'kannathil muthamittal' , maniratnam yet again proves that he is at his best when tackling human emotions and relationships .
1	a young reporter named rachel is investigating these events , but after she and her small son watch the tape , it becomes a race against time to find out why the tape is killing everyone and how it could be stopped .
1	when they come through , will is left with a decision .
1	matters are complicated still further when beckinsale finds herself falling in love with oldman's character .
1	stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed .
1	when she gets into trouble with the police simon represses his death wish and decides to help her out .
1	he can talk and drive around all by himself .
1	with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world which the film portrays , 'shooters' is not just another british genre gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters .
1	on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in " freaks . "
1	after the murder of his beloved wife , danny parker ( val kilmer ) is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems .
1	there is the one where tourists come to test their luck in the casinos and there is the one where all the losers end up .
1	arjun ( akshay kumar ) is a high profile vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill .
1	they will live without thinking in the consequences , getting into a world where they won't be able to escape .
1	five men and women race against time ( and sometimes their own knack for self-sabotage ) to save the consummate southern , rowdy group house from the academic upper crust and a vindictive sorority .
1	the plan slowly unravels when sarah and her lover suspect that her husband has found out .
1	after making an incredible career in the international narcotics world during 1984-1992 , bettien was arrested at piazza navona in rome as one of the targets of the international police operation " green ice " .
1	along the way , he meets a long line of interesting and colorful characters , while back at home , ada is learning the ropes of managing her deceased father's farm with ruby ( renee zellweger ) , a scrappy drifter who assists and teaches ada along the way .
1	now grown up , caitlin ( emma caulfield ) calls kyle ( chaney kley ) because her little brother michael ( lee cormie ) is going through the same things he did as a boy , and wants his help .
1	meanwhile , randolph is slowly turning insane with his only thoughts focusing on killing smoochy and getting back to his life of luxury .
1	in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again .
1	she is intrigued by his knowledge of shakespeare , manner of living and the fifteen perfectly organized bags beneath his bench .
1	some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena .
1	but a sassy hispanic angel in a mets cap and jacket wrestles joe in an alleyway and makes him listen to the divine message of the miraculous , " fear not . "
1	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair .
1	eventually , nicholas runs away with schoolmate smike , and the two set off to reunite the nickleby family .
1	when the baby comes back in 1991 as a 17 year old delinquent , sepideh , the warden respects mitra enough to protect the girl .
1	romy jumps on board with eagle , and takes command , as the pair rescue each other in a tense and action-packed scene .
1	a princess is kidnapped by a sorceress , her fate is to be sacrificed to the evil demon verik .
1	as rachel and daniel race through london's nightscape , desperate to stay one step ahead of betts , every discovery unleashes further hell , extending way beyond the disappearance of rachel's baby .
1	the teen must decide whether to become immortal and stay with a tuck she's fallen in love with .
1	he must escape his way back to the safe confines of his truck and being lost without losing his life .
1	in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail .
1	the eccentric stories of a free spirited couple , the husband's brother , a basket ball game , a bookie named dutch , two sinister , corrupt twins conniving over a faberge' egg for their wife's anniversary , a business is business hit-man , and an ex-con that has nothing to do with this story .
1	the tenement is a four story anthology that in which each of its characters live within the same building and walk a fine line between good and evil .
1	a filmmaker , fascinated by the power of the camera and obsessed with the theories of russian film pioneer dziga vertov , decides to get a camera eye to replace the real eye he lost as a child .
1	finch must stop their wedding , but stifler refuses to tell him the date and locaction of the wedding .
1	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers .
1	at this , he loses his temper and gets physical with the employee .
1	but a fictitious geoffrey buonardi , with the same paintings and an inventive back story , can become the darling of the art world .
1	but will's hope of a continued bachelorhood is interrupted when he meets 12-year old marcus , in many ways his complete opposite .
1	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death .
1	the mismatch between whitey's good heart and never-ending optimism and davey's constant troublemaking soon have them both wondering if going to jail wouldn't have been easier !
1	if you go to attic town you'll find a place where the streets have no names and you can never turn back .
1	from the creative mind of pulizter winner dave barry , comes a film following a chain of events inspired by the arrival of a mysterious suitcase in miami .
1	oh yes , and there are no rules in the game .
1	it concludes with a laramie staging of " angels in america " a year after shephard's death .
1	she takes a fancy to chan kwok chan , whom she stalks .
1	the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences .
1	he is again shocked to see the wife , she is deeksha .
1	he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land .
1	now , along with other surviors , jill valentine , claire redfield and carlos oliviera , they must fight to survive , to escape the nightmare that has plauged raccoon city .
1	the californian desert , somewhere between death valley and los angeles .
1	he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude .
1	now , when angered , he turns into a massive green behemoth with the mind of a child .
1	evergon is ultimately a compelling story about the human condition , exploring a young man's search for love , steady employment and self-respect .
1	things turn nasty when the casino director ( alec baldwin ) tries to break up the romance .
1	his unemployment and the fact that there is no woman in the house to care for the children , evelyn , noel and brendan , make it clear to the authorities that his is an untenable situation .
1	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream .
1	but the hired " kidnappers " turn out to be ex-cons with a plan of their own , and the extreme date escalates out of control .
1	he is the captain of a dysfunctional bowling team , he is a momma's boy , but more importantly , he loves aida .
1	kissinger's story raises profound questions about american foreign policy and highlights a new era of human rights .
1	during the process of the post-crash discussion , the attorney accidentally drops the papers he needs to present in court .
1	charlie is man who wakes up to find that no one can see him , by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway .
1	now the lives of these alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian ferral mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship , the fragility of life , growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man .
1	failing cartoon writer , millard mudd , has sunk deep into one .
1	their calendar became a worldwide sensation , out-selling even of britney spears and cindy crawford .
1	until now , zak gibbs' greatest challenge has been finding a way to buy a car .
1	at the same time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz comes back to brazil after three years in paris , where he had studied in the pasteur institute .
1	so , alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field , and the viewers love it .
1	how much is he willing to sacrifice in order to pull off his charade ?
1	dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s .
1	he explains that her dream place can be everywhere , even within this rotten shack .
1	maggie is a young cuban-american freelance writer who takes an eye opening trip back to her roots and meets a young enchanting native , mateo .
1	for his drug is not dope or crack or smack . . .
1	mike's aunt soon opens her home to steve as well , and the two celebrate their good fortune at having the opportunity to get their lives on track .
1	kyle goes back to darkness falls to face his past , and the woman in the porceline mask ( aka the tooth fairy ) chance barron , a has-been " cock-rock " front-man , has wasted nearly eight years of his life working a dead-end job at softwipe incorporated , the world's second largest manufacturer/distributor of double-plied toliet paper , but things change drastically for mr . barron when he receives a mysterious watch which counts down the number of days he has left to live .
1	what was to be a modest profile turns into a intimate four and half year chronicle of stevie , his broken family , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all struggle with what stevie has done and who he has become .
1	fireman-turned-writer larry brown are examined in a unique documentary format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short stories : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; dog .
1	and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ?
1	suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes .
1	the doctor delivers the news that this has been a false pregnancy , one in which the embryo never develops .
1	it all leads to more tragedy and the movie jumps to 12 years later .
1	madison , the " new girl in town , " quickly sets her sights on the impressionable ben .
1	however , just as velma's star fell , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell kitty arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge , the press forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat .
1	one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . .
1	setting accounts with shaman - a big criminal boss , who ordered the evidence planted and also with his former colleagues was not a part of korenev's agenda .
1	once you have walked into april's shower you can never leave .
1	lee holloway is a smart , quirky woman in her twenties who returns to her hometown in florida after a brief stay in a mental hospital .
1	styled after vh1's " behind the music , " this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com .
1	hassan ii busc&#243 ; el momento preciso para organizar la verbenesca &#171 ; marcha verde&#187 ; que colocaba a nuestro ej&#233 ; rcito ante una disyuntiva grav&#237 ; sima .
1	this will cause tremendous natural disasters , wiping out life as we know it .
1	using fossilized dna , a scientist resurrects one of nature's most fearsome predators , a sabretooth tiger .
1	she faces exams , completion of her thesis , and a competitive interview process , all of which is compounded when a police detective , wade handler ( bratt ) , begins investigating the two year-old disappearance of her boyfriend , embry langan ( hunnam ) , a young man whose memory haunts and obsesses her .
1	fbi agent cheryl hammer , arrives in a small california town to catch an elusive killer .
1	a murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion .
1	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all .
1	annie , an alluring lady , catches the eye of old widower leoncio .
1	after ten years of being ignored by record producers , jacki and the band find hope in one producer who promises to see them play and consider them for a contract .
1	they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school .
1	maenwhile , amelia and father amaro have fallen in love and have begun a passionate sexual relationship .
1	combining historical documentation , personal stories , and interviews with noted experts and legislators , this documentary honors the dildo's fight for legitimacy and its many admirers .
1	after witnessing a horrific and traumatic event , julia lund ( laura regan ) , a graduate student in psychology , gradually comes to the realization that everything which scared her as a child could be real .
1	besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher .
1	it is not until the story reaches its conclusion , does the old man discover the surprising truth about his son and himself .
1	what better place for a writer to pick up a girl ?
1	the deeper john digs , the clearer the mothman's purpose arises - only to leave his life in immediate danger , as it seems .
1	but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast .
1	whenever the victim watches it , the phone rings , telling them they have only one week to live .
1	dramatic events throw them together on a journey with no money and no transport .
1	but soon they recieve a " sign " and are called back into action as a pastor is murdered in a boston church and the crime scene is staged to make it look like the work of the saints .
1	simultaneously devastating and hilarious , the film manages to capture the daily rituals and mundanities of life in such engrossing proximity that everything becomes drama .
1	while seeing them in the act of love making , billy kills his wife and best friend .
1	documentarians weissman and weber have expertly crafted a record of a wondrous time and a wild group in the cockettes , and you won't want to miss a minute of it .
1	patricia confides to her good-hearted maid maria ( theresa saldana ) , that she is convinced that her husband already waits for her in 'shangri-la' , the fabulous get-away-paradise where she will fulfill her infinite happiness of a family .
1	when images of nicholas's absent father start to appear to him , the boy is understandably frightened .
1	a woman stands on the shore , looking off into the flooded valley where her friends and neighbors once lived .
1	at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin !
1	all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy .
1	when raj's family move to england to get involved in an internet business , raj promises tina that he will keep in touch with her and that their friendship will always be forever .
1	" the ballad of bering strait " is a cinema-verite film following seven russian teenagers who have come to america to become country music stars .
1	while other kids buy into countless hours of studying just so they can get a mark in some teacher's report book , handsome davis sees it as nothing more than a system of control over your mind .
1	and francis promises , that after the casino is built , he will have time for children .
1	once convicted , he ends up on death row in texas himself , telling his story to a reporter through a series of flashbacks .
1	the inside story sees dean olsen ( curry ) finding a mysterious book in the cellar of his uncle's ( tingwell ) old house .
1	now pistachio must make the most of his inherited power in an attempt to track down devilin and save his parents .
1	swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ?
1	heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti .
1	this is a romantic comedy about a girl named christina who , one day , meets a guy in a bar .
1	after realizing what had happened and unsure what else to do he began capturing the events unfolding around him .
1	there aren't enough jedi to defend the republic against the threat , so chancellor palpatine enlists the aid of jango fett , who promises that his army of clones will handle the situation .
1	she marches coldly through her day , ignoring him , going about her business .
1	survivalist carl foster has one year to convince his family he's not crazy and independent filmmaker atis jamison has 365 days to get it all on tape .
1	the only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself . . .
1	the filmmaker journeys from her birthplace , brooklyn's hasidic community , to its origins in hungary and back .
1	to ease their roommate ( selma blair ) through a relationship-induced depression , cameron diaz and christina applegate take her out on the town .
1	the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation .
1	jonathan ecks ( antonio banderas ) , an fbi agent , realizes that he must join with his lifelong enemy , agent sever ( lucy liu ) , a rogue dia agent with whom he is in mortal combat , in order to defeat a common enemy .
1	carlos ramirez , 28 , lives in the dominican neighborhood of washington heights in new york city , where his father eddie runs a local bodega .
1	first time director sam jones documents the making of wilco's fourth studio album , yankee hotel foxtrot .
1	calvin's barbershop is filled with an eclectic and hilarious cast of characters that share their stories , jokes , trials and tribulations .
1	former maintenance man gary fitch becomes the least likely candidate for mayor of santa monica , california , when he teams up with the wackiest " dream-team " imaginable : glory , a former high-priced call-girl ; his homeless buddy foster edwards , iii ; and shane martinez , a gay delivery boy .
1	james clayton ( farrell ) might not have the attitude of a typical recruit , but he is one of the smartest graduating seniors in the country - and he's just the person that walter burke ( pacino ) wants in the agency .
1	but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality .
1	a steroid of sorts , it drives whoever takes the drugs to kill .
1	pero alargando la mano ya no consiguen dinero suficiente y salva decide aprovechar el ambiente general y hacerse pasar por un nuevo mes&#237 ; as .
1	could matty finish a porn movie before his legs get broken by tokyo tony ?
1	this ensemble comedy tells ten separate ( but intertwining ) stories of love in london ( with a small portion set in france ) , leading up to a big climax on christmas eve .
1	he's full of ideas on how to change brazilian public health , which is being threatened by yellow fever .
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence .
1	now the inmates are retaliating , with seagal and ja rule leading them .
1	at the same time , two hitmen wants get him wacked .
1	one day a mysterious young man enters her world .
1	moments of compassion and kindness circulate within a mounting concern for individual survival .
1	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain .
1	he is haunted by the ghost of his deceased brother paul who guides him toward his salvation .
1	lost and stranded , they are set upon by a bizarre family of psychotics .
1	there , she isn't getting any luck in auditioning as a singer .
1	fresh out of prison , dara is on a mission to scatter her mother's ashes in lake superior .
1	the old man marries her after a short period of acquaintance .
1	born in eastern europe , tobias grew up in poverty , the son of a thief , beggar and prostitute .
1	they have one request - their bosses head on a plate .
1	for daredevil justice is blind--and for the guilty , there's hell to pay .
1	ever notice the similarities between steve " the crocodile hunter " irwin and boba fett ?
1	after spending a year in a mental instituton , molly peters finally returns home to her mother .
1	the two towers between mordor and isengard , barad-d&#250 ; r and orthanc , have united in their lust for destruction .
1	in a final game , johnathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss alexi petrovich .
1	krueger is able to disguise himself as pamela voorhees , and instructs jason to start murdering on elm street upon his resurrection , therefore restoring freddy's power as well .
1	a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant women who find themselves , after their big time dreams have not panned out , back in their small neighboring hometowns .
1	henrik , the young cook , is hopelessly in love with enchanting elena , but lacks the courage to dance with her .
1	she's aided by her sister sue ( zhao wei ) , who operates the pair's world panorama surveillance system , which allows them to tap into any video security system in the world .
1	naturally , our boys band together and go for the bronze !
1	when she understands that the killer is very intelligent and organized , she elaborates a strategy to arrest him .
1	the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the beaches of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy land of india .
1	a mobster's wife is forced to confront her dark side when her young child is kidnapped and held for ransom .
1	the story of two lads from belfast as they stumble their way through the london gay underworld in search of 'gainful employment' .
1	danica mckellar plays a cheerleader named lacy who lives across the street from the boy , who is obsessed with her .
1	a long-distant fight wages until her mother's friends ( and members of the yaya sisterhood ) kidnap siddalee and take her " home " to the south , where they hope to explain her mother's history and to patch up the rift between mother and daughter .
1	now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires , and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust .
1	these three seemingly unrelated storylines are interwoven and brought together in plastik-man , a modern take on the gangster genre .
1	vince finally arrives at the cemetery the following day .
1	although their friendship raises some eyebrows at first , radio's growth under the coach's guidance ultimately inspires the local townsfolk , from 1964 when he first starts helping the hanna yellow jackets football team , through a 38+ career with the school that continues today ( 2002 ) , including tenures as the head cheerleader , assistant coach and team manager .
1	it is told through the eyes of the members of several dysfunctional " families " , desperate associations of lost souls bound by loyalty , fear or both .
1	meanwhile , puteri megawati , who is very thankful to the mysterious guy that saved her , meets siti shahirah , a member of the paparazzi that as usual , is looking for sensational news .
1	calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire .
1	using two separate filmmaking teams ( an all-white crew filming white residents and an all-black camera crew filming black residents ) , two towns of jasper captures very different racial views by townsfolk in jasper , texas , the location for a racially motivated murder of an african american in 1998 .
1	suddenly , patricia becomes suspicious that this arrogant man can't be her beloved husband .
1	a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son " , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as " the king of cali " , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets .
1	only to find that once their friendship is threatened by a traumatic circumstance , they are reunited by having to support and love each other to realise their eternal bond .
1	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel .
1	there are two distinct paths in life good vs . evil .
1	it is said that only salazar slytherin's true descendent will be able to open it .
1	forced to think fast , the producer decides to digitally create an actress " simone " to sub for the star--the first totally believable synthetic actress .
1	yet this highly traditional world is facing profound changes due to the postwar influx of foreign images and ideas in japanese culture .
1	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life .
1	two american mafiosi , gino and settimo , take refuge in the glasgow cafe owned by their scottish/italian cousin .
1	starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable .
1	faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more " viewer friendly " by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey .
1	and to turn this dream into a reality he looks forward to his son , akash .
1	but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde .
1	erin , who we discover is a master manipulator of the men in the gang , reveals another side to jack - a melancholy romantic who could have been a classical pianist .
1	this includes never-before-seen images of tests of modified v-1s at point mugu naval air station , and the flight test program for regulus at edwards air force base in 1950 .
1	renee unger is living the life she always hoped for : a little red-brick house in the small town of new russia , ohio , a good husband , a prospering construction business , and a baby on the way .
1	contributors include : director mimi leder , editor anne v . coates , producer gail katz and director claudia weill .
1	dr . singh ( amitabh bachchan ) a senior doctor raise funds to fulfil his dream of having a state-of-the-art hospital .
1	locations include niger , finland , micronesia , australia , china , siberia or greenland .
1	beginning with the world trade center's north tower afire and billowing dense smoke , and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning , the first 24 hours documents " ground zero " in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on september 11 , 2001 .
1	the double wedding on valentine's day arrives in a flurry of yelling , confessions and proposals .
1	after a really wild night jim and the gang wake up in an abandoned warehouse in a small town in the middle of no where , of which they have never heard of .
1	it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control .
1	linked to her only by cell phone , the driver narrows in on her location in a desperate race against time and tide .
1	it slowly becomes obvious that alex , the disgruntled maid-of-honor , carries a secret that effects not just the course of her life , but that of almost everyone at the shower .
1	niko prefers to pen his berlin tales on the counter of a funky bar behind the shark tank .
1	kat and shaun are both bandleaders struggling to make a name for themselves in the contemporary music industry .
1	some , like the inmate philosopher , 451 , see the evil of their ways and repent , doing the best to keep their humanity .
1	keith discovers a new man and a new attitude .
1	however , none of the events of either stories crossover or effect the other in any way .
1	the country was at the start of a rapid process of industrialization and social change .
1	loonies is a touching comedy about five psychiatric patients who are forced to exchange their familiar surroundings for an old-fashioned , impersonal institution .
1	it is her destiny to sing in the movies a final wish before the afterlife .
1	paul must try to prove to everyone that this time he is in love rather than in lust .
1	the film covers the life of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who longs for a career as a singer and songwriter .
1	when every one suspects that it is him , the trio then set out to find the culprit and find out more than they bargained for : the diary of tom riddle , why hagrid was expelled and what the chamber of secrets is and why is it so feared in hogwarts .
1	his reins in the countryside around the happy forest surpassed the sporadic attacks by the evil knight .
1	the last 6 weeks have been spent trying to " get out " of the relationship .
1	everything had been going along smoothly until the gang entered their final year of high school and the stakes were upped by the school's principal , mrs . stark .
1	but then roxie comes along and velma is old news .
1	once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest .
1	these were the first boats to perform deterrent patrols in the history of the navy , and they did it during some of the most crucial moments of the cold war including the 1962 cuban missile crisis .
1	along the way , they get tips from various experts , which include performances from george kennedy , tippi hedren , erick avari , and stephen furst .
1	down and out in l . a . 's valley , two longtime married , politically correct pornographers - played by annette o'toole and lyn vaus - are forced to confront the changes in their new age values and marriage when they discover in their archives extremely salacious old footage of tv's currently #1 sitcom star .
1	there is a knock at the door and mitchell hears his mother asking for t-mon .
1	the don's legal will , which also includes diamonds worth hundred crores kept in a foreign bank , has to be equally divided between these three and to claim the diamonds from the bank all three all three have to be present at the bank and personally sign the papers .
1	awara paagal deewana is an action comedy , which revolves around a dentist who accidentally gets trapped into underworld and goes in for a roller coaster ride .
1	for 7 years he has watched over the holy fire , forsaking his wife , family and every earthly pleasure .
1	benito--for years a fixture in the church as well as the community--welcomes father amaro into a new life of unseen challenges .
1	in this action-comedy , four twenty-something friends are looking for love and having no luck .
1	scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th .
1	ultimately , anime moves far beyond the realm of simple cartoons , encompassing a sensuous melange of complex storytelling , cutting edge imagery , music and fashion .
1	guru gulab leaves india for america and comes to stay in the neighbourhood of dr . anmol acharya ( aftab shivdasani ) .
1	the daughter mary yearns for a home where the books don't always get sold .
1	the brass are convinced this is a serial killer chosing victims at random , but sam and buckley discover a pattern involving health personnel who work in neonatal intensive care .
1	unable to let her go quite yet , duncan mimics his dead mother .
1	the government sends in an elite military task force lead by alice ( jovovich ) and rain ( rodriguez ) to contain the virus in three hours before it escapes and infects the rest of the world .
1	the film contains colour home movie footage of the film's production which where shot by charles' brother sydney .
1	through trial and failures , she teaches him to use the power of eternal souls to solve both his professional and personal problems .
1	he journeys to the mecca of bodybuilding , los angeles , on a quest to attain specific answers in the field of physiological research as it relates to anatomy and the structuring of the ultimate training regimen .
1	part contemporary investigation and part historical inquiry , documentary follows the quest of one journalist in search of justice .
1	he - rugged , handsome , the independent outdoor type - is hitching a ride back to la and knows a good bet when he sees one .
1	john was one of the first porn stars to push for aids testing in the porn industry .
1	to cure their boredom , they decide to ( inspired after watching the movie , " the sure thing " ) go on various road trips looking for love .
1	it is only natural that only the most violent and powerful survive " the shu " .
1	julie is a smart and spunky fifteen year old who lost her family to syndicate killers .
1	a brilliant pianist , a polish jew , witnesses the restrictions nazis place on jews in the polish capital , from restricted access to the building of the warsaw ghetto .
1	and finds himself in the middle of two assassination plots masterminded by the cia .
1	but he doesn't plan on the long line of other houseguests that try to keep him from his mission .
1	he confesses to committing a series of particularly horrifying murders of exclusively female victims .
1	like a elementary school bully , michael ovitz used his powerful position in the hollywood wars to step on , steal from and bad mouth whomever stood in his way of control of the schoolyard .
1	day in , day out , the same routine is repeated .
1	but roger's seemingly foolproof world of smooth talk and casual sex begins to unravel when he is paid a surprise visit by his teenager nephew , nick .
1	in 1949 , laura brown , a pregnant housewife , is planning a party for her husband , but she can't stop reading the novel 'mrs .
1	when it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted .
1	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock .
1	he falls in love with a village girl , ayu , who has just arrived in the city after being betrayed by her boyfriend .
1	lotte goes to live with her upper middle class dutch aunt in holland , anna to work as a farm hand on her german uncle's rural farm .
1	it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed .
1	an undercover narc dies , the investigation stalls , so the detroit p . d .
1	these camps were surrounded by barb wire and guard towers .
1	and this particular scheme requires a large amount of time-travel , and kidnapping austin powers' father , england's master spy , nigel powers .
1	impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess , his young son kilo yearns to follow in his footsteps .
1	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge .
1	will lightman is a hip londoner who one day realizes that his friends are all involved with the responsibilities of married life and that leaves him alone in the cold .
1	sam roberts thinks he has all the answers : the purpose of life , the meaning of love , the plan for a perfect future .
1	the film is based on the true story of telecommunications genius walter l . shaw sr . and his son walter t . shaw jr . , the confessed " dinner time burglar . "
1	matt was drunk and as he reached for the car radio , he struck the girl as she crossed the road .
1	ahas , son from a poor family , in his inner struggles , joins the troop of his classmates and heads for the front .
1	the first crusade to free the holy land has ended .
1	a dark and quirky comedy set in an eccentric north london jewish old age home , paradise grove revolves around a dysfunctional family comprising 79-year-old izzie goldberg , determined to die with dignity , his daughter dee perry , a mixture of traditional jewish mother and child of the sixties , and her teenage son keith , who's half-black and half-jewish , and understandably undergoing an identity crisis .
1	but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world .
1	but josh , is not interested in call girls and one-night stands .
1	however after roxie has undergone the 'casting couch' treatment , and fred has had his wicked way with her , he reveals that he has no more connections in showbusiness than she does .
1	after taking a look at the people around her and examining her life's choices , lucy decides that it would be unfair to give up this baby just because she didn't do what she wanted to with her own life .
1	no good deed , based on a short story entitled 'the house on turk street' by dashiell hammett , is about a police detective ( jack ) who , while doing a friend a favor and searching for a runaway teenager on turk street , stumbles upon a bizarre band of criminals about to pull off a bank robbery .
1	there starts a dangerous game where the two teenagers that graham is protecting will be implied .
1	steven's outlandish plan inevitably backfires , and hilarity ensues as they fall for each other but are unable to express their true feelings .
1	after a dream of a horrific car crash , kimberly helps save several people and causes another rift in death's design , but this time its different , since alex walked off the plane death's design did not only affect the survivors of flight 180 , but every single person they've come in contact with , now how will they stop it ?
1	their plan is to take jason back home to crystal lake and have both freddy and jason destroy each other .
1	but when his lab assitant , a monkey named jojo , causes the accidental addition of chemical x to the mix , the professor ends up with not one but 3 perfect , powerful little girls .
1	" the true story of holmes and his young lover's involvement in the scandalous laurel canyon murders which shook hollywood in the early 1980's " .
1	although a number of these laws have been overturned by legislatures or the courts , in the state of texas freedom fighters are still working to eliminate these absurd and unnecessary laws .
1	when the singing veggies encounter some car trouble , they're stranded at old , rundown seafood joint where nothing is quite as it seems .
1	palestinian-american ali sahid and his older brother mustafa both struggle with their muslim religion and american way of life while living with their strict father , hassam sahid , a widower .
1	in these modern times where phrases like " two income families " are the norm , is it wrong for a woman to want to stay home and raise a family ?
1	in order to appease the lord of gods indra ( amitabh bachchan ) , custodian of rain , a grand fire sacrifice is being conducted at the palace under the guidance of the chief priest , paravasu ( jackie shroff ) .
1	staked-out in his one-bedroom apartment with his kidnap victim , brian ( justin bartha ) , gigli soon realizes that what he thought would be a routine assignment soon becomes a tumultuous task .
1	this film is based on " our sunshine " by robert drew , a novel based on the life of australian bushranger and icon , ned kelly .
1	shy san franciscan zoe is a twenty-something love-starved animator who spends countless hours listening to kxch cherish radio , losing herself in a syrupy romantic fantasy of '70s and '80s pop songs .
1	there is only one drawback , the sorceress and the priestess are sisters .
1	once there , she makes friends with bombastic bobbie markowe .
1	but sy discovers that the yorkins are not as perfect as they seem and becomes a man on a mission to expose the imperfections of the yorkin family at any cost .
1	documentary about runaway and homeless lesbian , gay , and transsexual youth .
1	tough detective mike reilly collaborates with department of health associate terry huston to research these mysterious deaths .
1	seven years later , alan is given a second chance , a reunion with tommy and the opportunity to set things right .
1	pronounced cured , she became a psychoanalyst herself and , within eight years , was practising alongside the founding fathers .
1	this film was shot during two trips that majid majidi took in western afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 .
1	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober .
1	the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams .
1	shortly after the arrival of the rehab escapees , luck shoots and kills salo jr . and his wife .
1	thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises .
1	he resurfaces as a hired snoop for , earth now , a radical ecology group .
1	valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it .
1	tiz's best friend mel is a veteran of the " drug game " and has spent some part of every year in prison since he was twelve .
1	because of his horribly unforgivable sins , freddy krueger ( robert englund ) is stuck in hell eternally .
1	she has two men in her life : wealthy divorcee ray porter ( steve martin ) and struggling musician jeremy .
1	the roadworkers are mates from way back , and each weekend they go out to an old goldmining site hoping to strike it rich .
1	roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women .
1	he soon finds himself plunged into a mystery only to find himself at the heart of it .
1	" what's more important your experiences or your memories of them ? "
1	the husband meets a man who knows what to do with his sexuality .
1	christin has been working at a hotel owned by budcasso , her friend's fianc&#233 ; .
1	he speaks villon's poet " i fell in love with your red hair " .
1	in the world of skin deep , not all suspects are created equal .
1	the plot thickens further with the death of rachel's best friend annie and the discovery that dennis betts is actually a policeman , with his own very personal reasons for pursuing rachel .
1	when things don't quite go as planned , reverend teams up with la teen trouble-maker rose and down-on-his-luck has-been star j . w .
1	for the past seven years mel bishop , a cold-blooded old west outlaw , had rotted away in a filthy mexican prison .
1	he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes .
1	gus sits on the sofa and talks about being the world's oldest pothead , who started smoking in 1936 .
1	alex rose , a 23-year-old filmmaker arrives in hollywood , to pursue his dream .
1	while lying in the middle of those flowers he devotes to his yearning for love .
1	the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus .
1	one night , tobias knifes his father in the back , and escape to switzerland .
1	as both marly and desiree grapple with the sometimes overwhelming weight of family history and family expectations , and wrestle with questions of love , duty and responsibility , the tale offers a portrait of two women , two families , and two communities standing on the brink of change .
1	jenny must fight to earn her scholarship and try to find a balance between the man of her faith and the man of her dreams .
1	the fictional film " the dragon " tells the story of how a young boy , who's master is killed by a group of thugs , grows up to avenge his teacher's murder .
1	he follows them into a cave with a mysterious blue light and it turns out he is following h . g . wells , who , in turn , is on a time travel chase of dr . noah , a brilliant scientist who has gone mad with the intentions on destroying the world .
1	this case made history in the new jersey judicial system and these teenagers ( who , at the time , were between the ages of 14 and 16 ) were the first in the state to be tried and convicted as adults .
1	beth's style is further cramped by the responsibilities of single motherhood .
1	but this is 1960's england , and when the neighbours start to make life difficult for the new arrivals , david's family are caught in the middle , and he has to choose between fitting in and standing up for the new friends who have turned his world upside down .
1	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works .
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint .
1	a serial killer is on the loose and kills herbert's assistant , dan cain .
1	" growing hair " is a perverse comedy about three , twenty-something friends coming to terms with their addictions that uses original , witty dialog to push a story of friendship between a gamer , a sarcastic gen . x'er , and a sexaholic .
1	at first shocked into disbelief , amudha then expresses her determination to search out for her biological mother .
1	harry potter is in his second year of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry .
1	mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century .
1	charlotte and teis , partners for some years , are going to climb a mountain , literally and metaphorically .
1	the crew of the enterprise ( picard and company ) find themselves on planet romulus and eventually discover a threat to the earth .
1	when he unexpectedly leaves for a week to go skiing with his wife , lillian is dragged out on the town by her best friend , andrea .
1	robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years .
1	a famous psychiatrist ( ty adams ) takes on the job of trying to cure patients at the sedah state hospital , run by it's folksy doctor ( sam delazo ) .
1	they're also neighbours , living with widower fathers and problem siblings in the suburbs of taipei .
1	here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . .
1	anita is 14 , blonde and beautiful - exactly what meena thinks she wants to be .
1	ten years after the 'phantom menace' threatened the planet naboo , padm&#233 ; amidala is now a senator representing her homeworld .
1	a young boy is devastated when the planned vacation with his father is cancelled due to an emergency salvage mission at a remote canadian lake .
1	she feels left out from her father's new family , she's had an abortion , she's tried to commit suicide , and she hates life in the city .
1	gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney .
1	a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past .
1	hear commentary by some of the top stars of no-holds-barred including rorion gracie , mark kerr , keith hackney and bas rutten .
1	but before he is able to set out on his expedition , the professor , along with the tablet , are taken hostage by a group of mercenaries , led by the vicious philipe gallo .
1	she travels to various locations of jack's performances , accompanying him afterwards to his bench .
1	" notebook " follows a young couple ( mcadams and gosling ) who meet in their teens and are reunited after world war ii .
1	her husband was the love of her life and she does not expect to find another .
1	nick , a district attorney investigating the most recent case , a suspicious apparent suicide , and her interviews with friends and family of the deceased trigger extensive and intricately interwoven flashbacks that reveal surprising facts about the man's life and death .
1	they both fall in love , but they must fight against everyone , specially renata's rich parents , who want to stop their love by sending her to canada .
1	cameroon and its peoples are the lark , its feathers plucked first by colonialism and then by native strong-men : " alouette , je te plumerai . "
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . .
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess .
1	little do they know that these pirates are cursed .
1	grueling days of blue-collar construction work fund their nocturnal pursuit of becoming full-time musicians .
1	amongst these are a middle-aged couple who met through the classified ads in a newspaper , a call-girl who keeps her daughter and her sister , a retired actor , an ex-football player , and a janitor who suspects that his adopted father , whom he dreams about every night , is his real father .
1	she tells him , and they go to the sonogram appointment together .
1	the couple is reunited and together face a hostile and unbelieving world .
1	mirabelle falls in love with the glamorous ray , and her life takes a magical turn , but eventually she realizes that she must empower herself and make a choice between them .
1	as the clock ticks down , a young female friend of jack's is kidnapped and may become the next casualty .
1	she manages to test patricia in one of the biggest hotel-casinos , the caesars palace .
1	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release .
1	for escape he paints the visions that haunt him , while eleanor sends all of his hard earned money to a seedy tele-evangelist .
1	meanwhile , chris's radio horoscopes seem oddly personal , and the street musicians outside uwe's restaurant keep getting more numerous .
1	he and his girlfriend , a terrorist seeking to change how the poor are treated in korea , kidnap his former boss's daughter .
1	warren is the outrageous gay hairdresser , alex the shy assistant , steven - the smarmy client and gary , the photographer on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
1	one thing led to another until she ended up giving her virginity not knowing that he made a bet with his friends .
1	later in life , reinalda has achieved fame and fortune - two of the three things she has always desired .
1	his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from " going down . " igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women .
1	but lulu is newly single and the last thing she needs is a man in her life .
1	anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father .
1	he proposes stealing artworks from her clients and convinces her that they could be quickly fenced .
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill .
1	this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country .
1	she trails the couch through a quirky landscape populated by hasidim in brooklyn , holocaust survivors and ex-communists in hungary , and , finally , the next generation of formerly-hasidic jews on the margins of their communities in new york and israel .
1	packed with spectacular special effects and martial arts action , the monk , kar , and a sexy russian mob princess called bad girl must struggle to find , face , and fight the ultimate enemy .
1	louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings .
1	that is , until the villainous captain hook mistakes her for wendy and abducts her to never land in an attempt to lure and capture peter pan .
1	some of the featured art events include " burial in space " by woodpussy ( a group of musicians and pyro-technicians who blast their deceased founder into space in a rocket of their own creation ) ; " nebulous entity " and " futura deluxe " ( two large , roving installation pieces engineered using mathematics derived from fields of neural networks , ecological systems and fractals ) ; and a performance artist dea million who stages her " wedding " to america .
1	produced by chica luna productions , corporate dawgz is a comedic ode to white revolutionaries who understand that what they give up in privilege they gain tenfold in humanity .
1	in this film , we meet the new pok&#233 ; mon , celebi , who has the power to travel through time .
1	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais .
1	mitch is left for dead in the desert--or so they think--rescued and nursed back to health by a gorgeous women named , angela rose ( nicole austin ) .
1	they have fallen on hard times and are now working jobs outside of show business to make ends meet .
1	in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity .
1	rugged contractor rick eyes beth but ends up going home with the more assertive debby .
1	the results of the gene therapy are passed on to his son bruce .
1	this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south .
1	the movie mixes the personal life of the ancestors of this man as well as historical moments for m&#233 ; xico such as the reform war , the mexican revolution , etc . arc&#225 ; ngel can't sleep .
1	a french foreign exchange student , named genevieve , comes to a small town in texas to attend a local high school where she shacks up with the school's popular head cheerleader , starla , and her parents .
1	they are all confronted with the consequences of their selfish actions .
1	in this debut short , meeper valiantly tries to warn the patrons of the ale-e-inn , an intergalactic watering hole with its own constellation of stars , of impending danger only to find himself face to face with the toughest creatures in the universe .
1	taylor williams iii , a wealthy seventeen year old meets his dream " lavender " girl ( mandi carson , who comes from a lower-middle class ) for the very first time at mr . dodson's business education class at seaport-greene high school .
1	she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year .
1	at the eleventh hour king and cuthbertson are saved by the arrival of major merton ( derek jacobi ) , churchill's chief intelligence advisor .
1	but sue , angry and feeling abandoned by lynn , decides to carry out the killing herself .
1	the colorful cast of characters includes the addlepated cafe owner , freddy , picasso's sexy young femme dujour , his pompous art dealer , and a mysterious visitor from the future .
1	it did to paul strang , an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student .
1	he soon escapes and runs into a woman who has recently had a car accident and is suffering with amnesia .
1	like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd .
1	this is especialy true when he makes a special connection at a hollywood industry party .
1	but her marriage is loveless and she suffers from the loss of her baby in childbirth .
1	in today's world of facts and figures about smoking related illness and death , one element is greatly overlooked , the consequences that smoking has on the family .
1	the lizard , chaos , scar , heartless and sic inhabit the violent and often bizarre world of backyard wrestling .
1	turin , italy : philippa paccard , deeply disappointed by the police's lax investigation following her husband's drug death , places a bomb in the dealer's cover office .
1	she also has an ulcer and doesn't get much sleep .
1	his dream had vanished , so he went home and got a job at his fathers gas station in virgil grove , population 28 .
1	caught in an intrigue of baby-snatching , a bounty hunter and diaper-changing , dave and ruby spend a hilarious , unexpected and wild night together .
1	in this sense it is merely a travelogue , yet there is so much more , spanning from the traditional to the avant-garde , from the sublime to the ridiculous , very different , highly original and with a unique zeitgeist narrative structure .
1	ever since her new neighbor , mr . mackenheim , the former ruler of a distant alien planet , moved in , all the cats in the neighborhood have been disappearing .
1	this was also a time , in the midst of a chaotic , decaying environment , when a man tried to cope with the loss of his former lover .
1	from the moment of her birth in a rural black hospital in georgia , lena mcpherson is recognized by all the nurses as a special child , one with the power to see ghosts and predict the future .
1	although initially repelled by simon , rose is determined to make him fall in love with her and succeeds .
1	scott calvin ( tim allen ) has been santa claus for the past eight years , and his loyal elves consider him the best santa ever .
1	sure to stir up some controversy , callous sentiment is a true depiction of how violence can affect ones psyche .
1	he is a cop , and chances are he's going to make some trouble for vince too .
1	and the conclusion of the story is how the four attempt to pull off their master plan , this well-thought-out bank robbery .
1	a young man shares his mantra and imagines innocent beauty as he reflects upon his lonely , mundane existence .
1	yet , one rare pok&#233 ; mon isn't safe without help from another - thus enters suicune , a . k . a . the north wind .
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead .
1	five hundred years before columbus ( 996 a . d . ) , a young norwegian viking with the heart of a lion and the soul of a poet discovers america while on a quest to bring his loved one to 'the top of the world' .
1	anna obtains a retraining order against her stalker but she still worries about him , huddled outside her home on a cold , windy night .
1	he is locked up in a chinese prison where he is guilty until proven innocent .
1	in unit 16b at platypus rise flats , two hard and damaged women living on a diet of soapies , sarcasm and frustration are about to reach breaking point .
1	as they make their way to the city from suburban pennsylvania , april must endure a comedy of errors - like finding out her oven doesn't work - in order to pull off the big event .
1	tins is a glamour doll who is the one person who can help arjun get what he wants .
1	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) .
1	in a coastal north carolinian small town in the mid 1990's , a boy from the popular but troubled undirected group of students gets busted , and for punishment , you guessed it , has to do community service activities which include the high school's spring play .
1	but something is very wrong in single and looking land .
1	his surrounding is a peaceful dreamplace called " shangri-la " .
1	jonah loves his job , until the day comes when he has to deliver a message to the people of nineveh .
1	their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek .
1	once there , she finds more than she expected .
1	he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself .
1	the entire town begins to look for ellen when she fails to appear at home that night .
1	when a chinese rebel murders chon's estranged father and escapes to england , chon and roy make their way to london with revenge on their minds .
1	thomas' wish comes true and he stays up all night watching her .
1	while felice eventially convinces sam that she's his long-lost and thought-to-be-dead sister , she doesn't succeed in convincing him that the fbi is after him for past crimes .
1	julia roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , and terence stamp are reason enough to see the film , which is billed as a " movie about movies for people who love movies . "
1	years of guilt and sorrow tumble over each other as vince struggles to retain his sanity and understand who it is he is hoping to find alive .
1	during quinn's surveillance of tasha , planning for the perfect moment to make his kill , he becomes infatuated with her beauty and pure innocence .
1	jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her .
1	a young want-to-be actress ( justine lichtman ) is attracted to her boy friend's ( james bowman ) friend ( musashi alexander ) , but her roomamte ( jordan cael ) picks up on vibes ( mistakenly ) that he is gay .
1	they decide to celebrate digger's 18th birthday by breaking every rule of what they consider a " shallow and hypocritical society " by planning a suicide as a manifestation of their eternal freedom , thus " to die and become immortal . "
1	one horrible night , kimberly mathews , a random girl from the nearby town , wanders too close to willy's territory .
1	a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities .
1	sally's daughter , vicky , is aware of beck's chosen profession and threatens to tell her mom ( who beck has fallen in love with ) about it unless he tutors her in the art of card counting .
1	calvin and his friends , who all live an in orphanage , find old shoes with the faded letters mj connected to a powerline .
1	in a surrealistic approach typical of the director , a clumsy cat and an intelligent monkey are also present in the film .
1	jack sparrow , a gentleman rogue of a pirate , teams up with the daugther of a governor to stop the evil plan of a ship of dangerous pirates , led by the evil captain blackheart , who are trying to reverse an ancient curse that leaves them stuck between life and dead , with the light of the moon revealing their skeletons , like some kind of undead monsters .
1	set in 1960's sydney , this is the story of an australian gangster whose booming business , buoyed by the influx of u . s . soldiers in town for r&#38 ; r during their tours in vietnam , attracts the attention of first the chicago mafia , and then their east coast competitors .
1	in order to preserve her art and also herself , beyond death , for all posterity , she has herself cloned .
1	singer patricia paradise ( dee wallace stone ) has everything : beauty , fame , success , money . . .
1	he got to know four children who have no fathers .
1	it prevents her making physical contact with other people .
1	a mass of weary knights , squires , soldiers of fortune and priests are making their way home across a europe that has changed forever .
1	things really heat up when sparks sizzle between her and her new colleague at work , tiago , an irresistible , compulsive womanizer .
1	deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking .
1	" in life , we first organize large stones ( piedras ) such as love , friendship , family , and a career . "
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people .
1	it passes through a broad cross-section of iranian society , stopping with a pickpocket , a pomegranate seller , an abortionist , an estate sale , a beggar , a college student , a wedding reception , some musicians , smuggling rings , and some new year's revelers .
1	with the help of a fellow believer ( hugh mclean ) , and despite several obstacles in the way , he sets out on this mission to fulfill his goal .
1	after watching their father being gunned down in front of their eyes as children , thomas and sean phelan grow up building their lives on opposite ends of the law .
1	finally paula , who ran away from home and got pregnant , is now in a relationship she doesn't want .
1	jimmy ( thomas ) is a highly educated barber with a superiority complex who can't stand isaac ( garity ) , the new , white barber who just wants a shot at cutting some hair .
1	not about to lose the fortune she amassed with her self-serving texas husband , she makes an offer to her process server , joe ( matthew perry ) that sets them off on a wild trip across the country .
1	the cia wants the twin to finish a project his brother was working on .
1	the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet .
1	before they carry this out , they want to truly experience life on the edge and they devise a plan by which their suicides will make them legends .
1	a rebellious misfit , she is sent to summer camp by her frustrated parents .
1	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death .
1	chris , an angry drug dealer , steps in and saves mitchell .
